Chris Acker: Here
Chris Acker: You named the group Squadrilateral.
Chris Acker: You set the nickname for Samvrutha Tumuluru to Pouff.
Chris Acker: You set your nickname to Toum.
Chris Acker: You set the nickname for a participant to Groke.
Chris Acker: You set the nickname for Daniel Strizhevsky to Zeush.
Chris Acker: @Pouff what weapon are you going to main
Daniel Strizhevsky: Huzzah
Chris Acker: Huzzah!!
Chris Acker: Adventure
Chris Acker: AWAITS!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Uhhh sword
Daniel Strizhevsky: Boring
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Zeush aren't you supposedly in a meeting right now
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Then you shouldn't have time to bully me based on my weapon of choice
Daniel Strizhevsky: No I have time
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Fine I will use the sitton
Zach Gospe: Huzzah! 

I think I'll be using either the life staff or the fire staff / ice gauntlet if you want to take life, Dan. Magic is cool 😎 🔥🌲❄️
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: Actually @Zeush has been playing a lot with the warhammer
Chris Acker: Maybe Dan can be our heavy weight boy
Chris Acker: And Zach can be our magic healer
Chris Acker: And I'll be our spearman
Samvrutha Tumuluru: What about me
Samvrutha Tumuluru: You didn't say what I am
Zach Gospe: If chris and Dan are two-handed melee boys, we could probably use another ranged weapon in the party, or maybe a sword and shield.
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'm undecided still
Daniel Strizhevsky: I wanna try a musket or bow or magic once I get my gaming computer and can aim
Daniel Strizhevsky: Remember everyone gets 2 weapons :)
Daniel Strizhevsky: I might also switch to a rapier
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I will do sword and shield
Samvrutha Tumuluru: And then I will try some kind of range weapon
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Maybe a bow and arrow
Zach Gospe: Sheeesh that sounds bussin
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'm thinking maybe bow with my war hammer to get that +10% move speed ability
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'm gaming if anyone wants to join
Zach Gospe: I'm hoping to hop on by 8:30!
Zach Gospe: How was the queue tonight?
Daniel Strizhevsky: None for me
Zach Gospe: Okay 8:30 was a fools hope but the time is near!
Chris Acker: Same
Zach Gospe: ETA 5 minutes friends
Chris Acker: In logging on now
Zach Gospe: I'll try not to outlevel you all too much while you buhs are at Yosemite
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: Rank your armor up lol
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Zach Gospe reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: https://open.spotify.com/socialsession/5LOhgGIYxtr78EDTafAyQp4kIbMDDa8C9mRhy7IxkEZXnOzxHLSYpyDegVZSvEjpsNgznFq0aWt6GYThqdZTTAIimvyXpgXuSPqPfS4FK9LC?si=ZPqkfB2FTt-uYc9XzYn4Ew&dl_branch=1
Samvrutha Tumuluru shared a link.
Zach Gospe: Your buh is level 20 with full marauder soldier gear! This game is pretty solid
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: HOLY FRICK LOLOL
Chris Acker: Can you carry us?? 😂
Zach Gospe: Probably through most of the pve content in our zone. Although most of the pvp players I'm seeing now are even higher level haha
Daniel Strizhevsky: Holy cow
Daniel Strizhevsky: Did you do any main quests
Zach Gospe: I did one or two but mainly I did faction quests
Daniel Strizhevsky: That's bumpin
Daniel Strizhevsky: Was it just the same ones over and over
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'm pretty sure there's some expedition we can do together at like level 20 or 23 or so
Zach Gospe reacted with 👍
Zach Gospe: The pvp ones stayed the same but the pve ones change and get more interesting, killing mini bosses out in the world and such
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Groke discord?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Oh!? You've decided against gaming??
Zach Gospe: Yeah I think I'm actually just going to go to bed early tonight. I just saw I have a meeting scheduled for 7am tomorrow
Daniel Strizhevsky: Understandable
Zach Gospe: You all have some catching up to do anyway haha :)
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🥺
Daniel Strizhevsky: Do you guys want to do the Marauder Advancement: Gladiator today
Daniel Strizhevsky: To advance from soldiers to gladiators???
Daniel Strizhevsky: Or do I need to be level 20 to do that
Daniel Strizhevsky: Nvm you have to be 24 apparently
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I am level 13
Chris Acker: Same
Daniel Strizhevsky: Not same
Zach Gospe: We bussin' tonight?
Daniel Strizhevsky: I've been bussin every night
Daniel Strizhevsky: So yuh
Zach Gospe reacted with 👍
Zach Gospe: @Chris Acker @Samvrutha Tumuluru what about you?
Chris Acker: I'm in
Zach Gospe reacted with 👍
Chris Acker: But I'm low level
Zach Gospe: Reacted 👍 to your message 
Chris Acker: 😢
Chris Acker: I will work hard to be worthy
Zach Gospe: No worries, we can level you up tonight
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I might join but not sure I have a headache
Zach Gospe: I should be on around 8
Daniel Strizhevsky: At Zachary what's your steam username
Zach Gospe: I am wheat4sheep my good friend
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Zach Gospe: The best trade you can make in Catan
Zach Gospe: Updating the game now but I'll be on shortly! I'm also in the discord if anyone wants to join
Daniel Strizhevsky: I am gaming
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Groke will you be gaming today or will you be recuperating your strength
Zach Gospe: I will be gaming today
Samvrutha Tumuluru: !!!!!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yay ok I am logging on now
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Dan is already in game
Zach Gospe: I'm actually trying to log in right now but I'm getting a steam error!
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: Is that even allowed?
Chris Acker: Samvrutha just needs to get her protractor and I can helping
Zach Gospe reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: Then we can play
Zach Gospe: Reacted 😆 to your message 
Zach Gospe: New world won't start because it says Steam is not running (even though it is). I'm troubleshooting now
Zach Gospe: We're in buh
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yay
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I am almost in
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Shall we discord
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Spent a solid two minutes reeling this bad boy in
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Zach Gospe: Reacted ❤ to your message 
Zach Gospe: Yes!! That's sweet
Daniel Strizhevsky: That is bussin
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Groke almost ready to game one up with the lads?
Zach Gospe: I'm not sure I'll be able to join tonight, squad. If I can it'll be fairly late
Daniel Strizhevsky: Understandable. Keep us updated sir
Zach Gospe: Will do! feel free to move ahead in the main story if you all play. I could probably catch up later
Daniel Strizhevsky: Also I just took off my skins
Daniel Strizhevsky: Turns out I look very cool
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Groke how late is late
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Should I log on now?
Zach Gospe: It'd be like at 10 if at all
Zach Gospe: Feel free to play without me though if you want to!
Chris Acker: It's just not the same
Chris Acker: I need a healer amongst me
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yeah it's only fun when all 4 of us are squading up
Chris Acker: I need my fishing friend
Samvrutha Tumuluru: So I will await 10pm with bated breath
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: Fishing bating breath
Samvrutha Tumuluru: No I won't fish
Zach Gospe: Reacted ❤ to your message 
Zach Gospe: I'm gonna be ready soon buhs
Daniel Strizhevsky: Cool we are logging on
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'm gonna bus today
Zach Gospe: Sweet
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a sticker.
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Chris Acker joining?m
Zach Gospe: Anyone wanna bus tonight?
Chris Acker: I might be down to bus a bit
Chris Acker: I have a meeting at 11 pm tho
Zach Gospe: I'm gonna hop on now. Feel free to join!
Daniel Strizhevsky: That's bussin
Daniel Strizhevsky: I might bus soon
Chris Acker: I rescheduled my meeting for tomorrow morning
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: So I am more free tonight now
Zach Gospe: Reacted ❤ to your message 
Zach Gospe: Sheeeesh that's awesome
Zach Gospe: If pouff can join too we can do the amrin excavation
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Zach Gospe: Chris and I on top of the new tier 5 kitchen
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Sorry don't recognize what game this is that you are playing the graphics are much too crisp and good looking for anything Daniel or I would be caught playing
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Zach Gospe reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: I am gaming
Daniel Strizhevsky: Hey @Groke can you commission me a tier 3 bag please
Daniel Strizhevsky: I will provide ingredients
Daniel Strizhevsky: The ones on the market are no good
Zach Gospe: Yes absolutely
Zach Gospe: I can hop on real quick to make it for you if you have the mats
Daniel Strizhevsky: That would bus, thank you
Daniel Strizhevsky: Mine would only be 300-310 gs
Daniel Strizhevsky: And I can't have that
Zach Gospe: Actually gonna hop back on for an hour or so before helping out with dinner
Zach Gospe: Probably just do some gathering :)
Daniel Strizhevsky: Bussin
Zach Gospe reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'm logging
Daniel Strizhevsky: Hopping on for some light bussin
Daniel Strizhevsky: Anyone interested?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Maybe an Marine exoecti
Zach Gospe: I'm hopping on now too!
Zach Gospe: For some light bussin
Daniel Strizhevsky: Frick yeah
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Toum @Pouff interested in joining?
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'd like to do an expedition :)
Zach Gospe: @Chris Acker @Samvrutha Tumuluru you in?
Chris Acker: I've got to do some work tonight
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I might play after this episode
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Of downtown abbey
Zach Gospe reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a sticker.
Zach Gospe: That expedition yesterday was super fun. @Chris Acker we'll have to find a time to do it the four of us sometime soon, and maybe we can slay the final boss!
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: Definitely
Chris Acker: I probably will not be able to play until this coming Tuesday tho
Chris Acker: I have a big work project I need to get done
Zach Gospe: Understood, good sir. Best of luck on the project! Sounds pretty stressful
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'm tryna bus
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Ok
Daniel Strizhevsky: https://www.reddit.com/r/newworldgame/comments/q783dz
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Zach Gospe: Highly relatable content
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🙂
Chris Acker: GET IN THE CIRCLE
Daniel Strizhevsky: Good news, Brethren. @Toum's project has been delayed by SEVERAL weeks and he will be able to game EVERY DAY again
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: Unless told otherwise
Chris Acker: And I will likely still have a few meetings about it tonight but
Chris Acker: Yeah I'm not quite as tied down and a little new world probably wouldn't hurt
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Zach Gospe: Big
Zach Gospe: If
Zach Gospe: True
Zach Gospe: Reacted ❤ to your message 
Daniel Strizhevsky: Today is the day that we Bus the Amrine Expedition
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Groke when will you be Prepared to Bus
Daniel Strizhevsky: Don't forget to update your games! :)
Zach Gospe: Hey sirs maybe at 9 I could log on
Daniel Strizhevsky: Sounds exquisite
Daniel Strizhevsky: I will make sure @Toum and @Pouff are ready at that time as well
Daniel Strizhevsky: Oh boy! 15 minutes left! :)
Zach Gospe: Logging on now, buhs. Are we all ready??
Samvrutha Tumuluru: We need 11 minutes and 52 seconds sir
Chris Acker: Samvrutha and, in fact, I, will be ready in precisely, and not less than, 11 minutes and 52 seconds
Zach Gospe: I understand. The Abbey requires full attention!
Chris Acker reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: Yuh yuh
- one luv
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Groke are you a fan of the Abbey?
Zach Gospe: Many moons ago I did watch that show in its entirety.
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Zach Gospe: It was bussin
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yes very bussin
Chris Acker: Ayyyyy
Zach Gospe: Yo we doing this?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Zach Gospe
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Discord?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I'm logging on now
Zach Gospe: Yup Booting up discord now
Chris Acker: I'm in
Chris Acker: I'm going to game now
Zach Gospe: I'm probably gonna call it a night pretty soon. I'd be down to play later this weekend though!
Chris Acker: Have you been playing????
Zach Gospe: Oh no I haven't played any today
Zach Gospe: Unfortunately
Chris Acker: That's not unfortunate it means I can catch up and I will you won't be better than me forever you know
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Zach Gospe: Reacted ❤ to your message 
Zach Gospe: How was the bus last night @Chris Acker
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'm in agreement with this question
Chris Acker: Not bad at all
Chris Acker: One level up
Chris Acker: A lot of fishing
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Zach Gospe: Reacted ❤ to your message 
Zach Gospe: That's awesome
Zach Gospe: Any rare fish?
Chris Acker: Some rate, but none legendary :(
Chris Acker: Great thing about rare fish is 100% chance of fish oil on salvage
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Groke  Chris and I are gaming
Zach Gospe: Ooo fun. 

I may play a bit later tonight
Zach Gospe: Ready when you are to do some amrine excavation
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Where are my bar will be ready in 12 minutes
Zach Gospe reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky: We're heading in bub
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Logging in sir
Zach Gospe reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: if you know what I mean
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Just chopping some MATURE trees
Zach Gospe: Lol good one
Zach Gospe: Would anybuhs be interested in some light bussing this evening?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Not sure
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Let me think about it when I'm not starving anymore
Zach Gospe reacted with 😆
Zach Gospe: I'm gonna be on in about 30 minutes for some casual questing. Feel free to join if the interest strikes
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: I still need to make dinner but I might join
Zach Gospe reacted with 👍
Zach Gospe: Reacted 👍 to your message 
Daniel Strizhevsky: Maybe around 10ish for me, we'll see
Samvrutha Tumuluru: The bois are learning Morse code
Zach Gospe: -... ..- ....
Chris Acker: BU
Chris Acker: I HAVENT LEARNED THR LAST ONE YET
Zach Gospe: Haha guess what it is :)
Chris Acker: IVE LEARNED S, and know it is not that
Chris Acker: So it must be H
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Chris Acker sent a sticker.
Zach Gospe: Reacted ❤ to your message 
Zach Gospe: Good deduction my buh
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Play?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Zach Gospe
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yo sorry
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Groke
Zach Gospe: Not tonight good lads! Best of luck on your quest, and I will join you another night
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Me 2
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I'm tired
Samvrutha Tumuluru shared a video.
Zach Gospe reacted with 😢
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Dan is sadly looking into the distance
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Please view his sadness
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I'm the video I just sent
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Please
Zach Gospe: We will bus soon, young zeush!
Chris Acker: Hello I can hear you
Chris Acker: Why can't you hear me
Chris Acker: Discord says my mic is working fine
Zach Gospe: Any buhs want to play later tonight?
Chris Acker: Sure
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yes sir
Zach Gospe: I'm online bois
Chris Acker: I was just about to bus
Chris Acker: I mean eat
Chris Acker: I'll pick something up and then come back and play
Zach Gospe: Sounds good buh. No rush, I can do some solo questing in the meantime
Daniel Strizhevsky: Woah did they do a server merge?
Daniel Strizhevsky: There's a queue again
Daniel Strizhevsky: Haven't seen that in werks
Daniel Strizhevsky: Weeks
Daniel Strizhevsky: Message here when back @Groke
Zach Gospe: I have returned buh
Zach Gospe: Well-fed and with wine
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Beautiful town of Nihongo
Zach Gospe: When are we bussin next squad?
Daniel Strizhevsky: I might be able to bus today. What do The Others think?
Chris Acker: Am I an Other?
Chris Acker: (Asking for a friend)
Chris Acker: I might be down to play for an hour or so tonight
Zach Gospe: Sheeesh
Daniel Strizhevsky: Sheesh
Zach Gospe reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky: Downtime starting at 11pst
Daniel Strizhevsky: It says people who bought a house before they fixed the UI bug about property tax get a free 2000 gold stimulus check, idk if that applies for the rest of the day before the patch? (For the homeless folk im the group)
Zach Gospe: I'll probably be able to hop on around 8:30
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok my grokey boy. I may be able to do so at a similar time
Zach Gospe: Wonderful, sir zeush
Zach Gospe: 🥾 ⬆️ 
🪵 in
🎮⏱
🚌
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: Boot up
Daniel Strizhevsky: Log in
Daniel Strizhevsky: Game time
Daniel Strizhevsky: Let's BUS
Chris Acker: Grookie
Zach Gospe: Join me buhs, the new world awaits
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Pouff will not be joining
Daniel Strizhevsky: But @Toum and I will be on soon
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Should I join
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I'm feeling conflicted
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Fine I'll bus but only for 1 hour
Samvrutha Tumuluru: No crafting just straight bussin
Zach Gospe: Haha sounds great
Chris Acker: Meet at the North gate
Daniel Strizhevsky: Excited for the new Void Gauntlet @Grokey boy?
Zach Gospe: Oh ya! I've been needing a second weapon
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Zach Gospe: My buhs, who would be up for more bussing sometime this week?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I have Friday off
Samvrutha Tumuluru: What do you mean by bussin
Samvrutha Tumuluru: IRL or otherwise
Chris Acker: Look at group name
Chris Acker: We will bus in a world
Chris Acker: A new world 🗺
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I am more interested in bussin in the old world
Samvrutha Tumuluru: But I might be convinced
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Depending on how I am feeling at the time of the new world bussin
Zach Gospe: I will likely not be available for IRL bussin on Friday, though virtual would be possible! 

My Saturday is looking free at the moment if anyone has a proposal
Chris Acker: I was thinking of going to devils peak on Saturday if you wanna come
Zach Gospe: Devils peak! That's quite the journey my buh
Chris Acker: An adventure worthy of this group
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Is devils peak a place irl
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Or is it a place in the new world
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Just wondering
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I see you looking for that referral bonus @yuta
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Oh fricc
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wrong chat
Daniel Strizhevsky: Should I install new world
Daniel Strizhevsky: On my home computer
Samvrutha Tumuluru: You told me you wouldn't play anymore
Samvrutha Tumuluru: When I said we could play together
Samvrutha Tumuluru: And I exclaimed “But think of the squad!”
Samvrutha Tumuluru: But you seemed resolute in your decision
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yet here we are now
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I think yes
Chris Acker: Yeah go ahead and install that Baby
Chris Acker: 👶 🍼 💻
Daniel Strizhevsky: Baby bottle pop, baby bottle pop
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Anyone tryna explore the new world tomorrow
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I am anticipating being sick
Samvrutha Tumuluru: And so will have plenty of time to virtually explore
Zach Gospe: Buh I got you. I should have some time to virtually explore as well
Samvrutha Tumuluru: That's what I'm talking about
Chris Acker: I cannot as I am in Maryland
Daniel Strizhevsky: fool thinks there's no New World in Maryland... so foolish
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Zach Gospe: When would you like to bus bois?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I'm still out and about atm
Samvrutha Tumuluru: But maybe in a few hours
Samvrutha Tumuluru: We will be the only ones bussin I believe
Samvrutha Tumuluru: As Dan and Chris are hanging out in NYC
Zach Gospe: Sounds good, we never needed those buhs anyway
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Chris Acker reacted with 😢
Zach Gospe: Just give me a heads up when you're thinking of playing!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Tru dat. Maybe I will surpass both those buhs in level by the time they get back
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Aight I'll give you a heads up
Zach Gospe reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky: Bart
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Have a bit of a headache right now
Samvrutha Tumuluru: But might be down to bus in 30 mins
Zach Gospe: Cool cool! Works for me too :)

No pressure though, if the headache gets worse and you want to rain check the bus
Chris Acker: Is that allowed???
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I don't think I'll be bussin :(
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I'm not feeling bussin
Zach Gospe: No worries buh. Hope you feel bussin soon!
Chris Acker: I'd bus if I could
Chris Acker: Another time, another bus
Zach Gospe reacted with 👍
Zach Gospe: Reacted 👍 to your message 
Daniel Strizhevsky: I could be convinced to bus
Daniel Strizhevsky: On my desktop with a graphics card
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Hello all
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Today is @Toums birthday
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Shall we unite over a game of VALORANT
Samvrutha Tumuluru: to celebrate
Chris Acker: Whoa there
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Zeush and I are already down to clown
Chris Acker: It is not I who wants to play valorant :)
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😠
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Groke are you interested
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Grokey wokey
Daniel Strizhevsky: Cocker Daniel aka Zeush started a call.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Cocker Daniel aka Zeush joined the call.
Daniel Strizhevsky: The call ended.
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Groke we will be eating dinner soon
Daniel Strizhevsky: And then we will become ready
Daniel Strizhevsky: For some valorant
Daniel Strizhevsky: I recommend you download it so you'll be ready to play!
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Grokey boy
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I agree!
Zach Gospe: Oooo good call! I'll start the download soon. I still need to get some chow but I should be ready to play around 8:15 or 8:30 at the latest
Daniel Strizhevsky: This sounds good! We will probably be ready somewhere around 8:45-9
Zach Gospe reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Will be ready at probably 9:30
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Just got to restaurant
Zach Gospe: Okey dokey thanks for the heads up!
Zach Gospe: My Buhs, can I get your full names and birthdates for my CA application to lease form?
Chris Acker: Christopher William Acker
March 30, 1996
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: Daniel Mark Strizhevsky
September 20, 1996
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Zach Gospe: Reacted ❤ to your message 
Zach Gospe: @Samvrutha Tumuluru your the last thing I need to call this done! :)
Zach Gospe: You're** oof that was embarrassing
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Samvrutha Tumuluru
November 26, 1995
Samvrutha Tumuluru: *Samvruta Tumuluru
Zach Gospe: Sweet! One step closer
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Chris Acker
Samvrutha Tumuluru: We are waiting
Zach Gospe: My buhs heads up I'll be stopping by a little later to take some measurements and do some room prep and potentially drop off some of my first set of stuff. Do not be alarmed!
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky: We may all be un-home! Do you have a key?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Samvrutha and I are out of town
Zach Gospe reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: I am also gone
Chris Acker: But Zach has a key
Chris Acker: You will be alone sir
Zach Gospe: Yep I've got a key, so we're all good
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I think we need to sign that paper with the 4 signatures before moises gives us the new lease numbers
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Chris Acker: What paper
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I thought we had a sheet of paper that was for lease renewal
Chris Acker: No
Chris Acker: Nor would we sign a lease renewal before knowing the numbers, right?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: yeah in that case I think I'll just go downstairs right now and ask moises what's up
Chris Acker: He references the “current lease” but I'm not sure where it is lol
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: Btw if Elon agreed with the board that he's gonna buy Twitter for 54 dollars per share, why is Twitter stock below 54 dollars per share
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Ok current lease is on the portal
Samvrutha Tumuluru: It just is our agreement to stay until may
Samvrutha Tumuluru: All 4 of us need to sign before the system will let Moises send us new numbers
Daniel Strizhevsky: ok let's do that
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 4th person being @Zach Gospe
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Chris Acker you may have to start us off
Chris Acker: Answer my question and I'll do it
Samvrutha Tumuluru: About twitter?
Chris Acker: Yah
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Cause no one thinks he will actually buy it
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Everyone thinks he is a memer
Chris Acker: Thx
Chris Acker: I signed the lease
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Ok I signed as well!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Zach Gospe let us know if you need any help finding it
Samvrutha Tumuluru: You go to google and you do Encore Apartments then in the menu you can click Residents. Sign in. Then click Lease --> click the pencil and that is where the document is
Zach Gospe reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Zach Gospe: Great thank you pouff I'll do this at lunch
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Zach Gospe: Woah it's already lunch time lol. Where did the day go!!
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: LoL
Zach Gospe: Looks like I need to acquire a registration code from Moises to create an account
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I asked him if you needed anything and he said you should have something in your email
Samvrutha Tumuluru: If not hit him up and I'll PERSONALLY go down there to ensure a speedy reply lol
Zach Gospe: Lol okay I am not seeing it in my email. I'll follow up with him very nicely, and you can play the bad cop :D
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Groke did he respond or should I bus down there
Zach Gospe: No response yet but let's give him another hour or so in case he was just out to lunch or something
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Zach Gospe: Moises responded at 2 that I should be receiving an email about it, but it has not arrived yet. 

I do have a different email from Encore about maintenance requests, so clearly I'm on some list, it's just document signing piece hasn't come through yet.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Alright if it doesn't come in by tomorrow morning I can go down there and inquire
Zach Gospe: Classic Pentagon P rolling in to scout out B site
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Zach Gospe: Moises had to redo the lease, but I was able to sign it now. I believe you all will need to re-sign it though, unfortunately.
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Ok I resigned!
Chris Acker: signed
Chris Acker: now it's just up to mr. striz hev sky
Zach Gospe: Depending on how the packing of stuff goes I shall be moving in tomorrow night or Saturday morning, my buhs
Daniel Strizhevsky: I am sorry Friendos, I had Dropped the Nut on signing the lease
Daniel Strizhevsky: but alas, the Nut is back in my Hands
Daniel Strizhevsky: as the lease has been signed
Daniel Strizhevsky: Please look at the competitors listing and tell me what your thoughts are about the offer. Our team will be very pleased with renewing your lease for another term!
Daniel Strizhevsky: Does this mean they're open to negotiation?
Chris Acker: Yes it seems like it
Daniel Strizhevsky: We should ask about shorter leases as well
Daniel Strizhevsky: But
Daniel Strizhevsky: These prices are better than I was expecting
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yeah let's email about shorter leases
Chris Acker: Okay but I don't want to go too short
Chris Acker: Unless we don't like the price and want to move somewhere else
Chris Acker: If we like the price we shouldn't risk having to renegotiate
Zach Gospe reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yeah Moises only told us 12 months or month to month lease
Chris Acker: As they might just increase it again
Zach Gospe: Reacted 👍 to your message 
Samvrutha Tumuluru: So I would like to find out what the prices for 6 month or 8 month lease are
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'll send an email to ask that one
Zach Gospe: That 6-8 month quote seems very reasonable to me
Chris Acker: Zach ary muh boi do you know yet whether you will be coming tonight or tomorrow
Zach Gospe: Planning on this evening my buh
Zach Gospe: Just gotta do a bit more packing after work but probably will head over by 7:30 or 8
Chris Acker: coo coo see you buh
Chris Acker: danechka and sambruthah are probably going to have left for tahoe
Zach Gospe reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: but I will be here awaiting your arrival
Zach Gospe reacted with 👍
Zach Gospe: Reacted 😮 to your message 
Zach Gospe: Those are some well-traveled danethies and Sammy-v's
Zach Gospe: Reacted 👍 to your message 
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yes unfortunately we will probably miss your arrival. But we will be excited to begin our journey as mates of rooms upon our arrival on Sunday!
Zach Gospe: Sounds good!
Chris Acker: Do we have AAA batteries anywhere?  The remote is about to die.  Did we buy any last time it was dying?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah we do have them
Daniel Strizhevsky: I think under our bed in one of the boxes
Daniel Strizhevsky: Samvrutha may know for sure
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I think we have some under out bed in the white Google bag
Zach Gospe: Heyo rebels, I have plans with my brother this evening and will probably crash at my folks house tonight. So, no freaking out!

I'll see you all tomorrow!
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: This creature fell asleep whilst perusing Reddit
Zach Gospe reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Zach Gospe: Reacted 😆 to your message 
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Toum if you are making rice today will you make me a cup as well? :) Thank you sir. If not, do not make me one.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: https://www.mba.com/gmat-mini-quiz/main
Samvrutha Tumuluru shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: https://mobile.twitter.com/prisoninvestor1/status/1514321293646213129
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Zach Gospe: Cocker Daniel you have some laundry we moved into the dryer but the dryer needs to be started with the settings of your choice, buh 

Also good morning
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yes sir I am About to do suchly
Zach Gospe reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Pouff set the nickname for Daniel Strizhevsky to Cocker Daniel aka Zeush.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Cocker Daniel
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: @zach created a discord
Chris Acker: https://discord.gg/babPuH55
Chris Acker shared a link.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I'm tryna use caltrainschedule.com but it isn't loading!
Samvrutha Tumuluru shared a link.
Chris Acker: Uh oh
Chris Acker: They must've changed the layout of their website which I am scraping
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ruh roh
Daniel Strizhevsky: What am I paying you for
Zach Gospe: They are on a special schedule for May that is probably screwing it up
Daniel Strizhevsky: Shall we meet this evening and get a response out to sir Moises about our lease?
Chris Acker: Did you guys decide which term you want?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yeah we want an 8 month lease
Samvrutha Tumuluru: So Moises said we just send him an email saying 

“we are interested in renewing our lease and were wondering if there is room to negotiate lease” and then he will take the email and talk to the marketing team
Samvrutha Tumuluru: If we want to negotiate
Samvrutha Tumuluru: My buh @Zach Gospe what are your dinner plans tonight
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Are we gonna bus together or separately
Zach Gospe: Oooo I would be interested in bussing together
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Alright tonight we will bus and munch
Daniel Strizhevsky: We bus, we munch
Chris Acker: We bus
Chris Acker: We munch
Samvrutha Tumuluru: link me buhs
Zach Gospe: Link you?
Zach Gospe: ;8:,b?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: nvm found it!
Zach Gospe reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Daniel Strizhevsky wanna take point in messaging Moises and negotiation
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'll consider it strongly
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Thank you! Please send today Moises asked me about it and said send it soon
Samvrutha Tumuluru: PSA: do no use the washer/ dryer until further notice @Zach Gospe
Zach Gospe reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: The alarm indicating a leak went off after running the washing machine
Chris Acker: We have filed a maintenance request so that they can investigate
Zach Gospe: Woah okay thanks for the update
Chris Acker: @Groke it should be fixed now
Daniel Strizhevsky: Did you guys see the email
Daniel Strizhevsky: Looks like they just reduced the 14-18 month by like $20 but didn't reduce anything else lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: Should we just go with 8 month then?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yeah I'm good with just going with 8 month
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Gotta slowly make my way through this playlist
Samvrutha Tumuluru: https://youtu.be/YycAzdtUIko
Samvrutha Tumuluru shared a link.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Also is everyone in agreement? Should Daniel tell Moises we want an 8 month lease at the price they set?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Zach Gospe @Chris Acker
Zach Gospe: I am in for the 8 month
Chris Acker: Yeah
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Anyone else having WiFi troubles
Daniel Strizhevsky: No
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Did you tell Moises the goods
Daniel Strizhevsky: No I will do now
Chris Acker: it does seem a bit sluggish over here
Chris Acker: should we "reset" the "busserg"
Chris Acker: although i'm getting 300 mbps
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yeah we can in getting 20
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Zach Gospe are you in a meeting?
Chris Acker: I don't understand your ingresh
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I'm getting 20
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Nvm
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I'm getting 300 now
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Maybe it was A temporary inconvenience
Chris Acker: Are you tRyna 🚌 on me
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yeah
Daniel Strizhevsky: I felt like this was very relevant
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: I comprehend very little of this and don't comprehend nearly all of this
Daniel Strizhevsky: How much of it do you neither comprehend nor not comprehend?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I don't comprehend any of this
Samvrutha Tumuluru: But I feel the sentiment
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Which is all that matters
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I went outside to check that you buhs would be waiting in the same spot until I returned in 2 weeks
Samvrutha Tumuluru: And to my surprise you were bussin away!
Zach Gospe: You fricken bussed on us buh
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Zach Gospe: We just went out for some food and we're coming right back
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Ahhhh ok that makes more sense
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I knew you guys wouldn't leave me hanging like that 🥹
Zach Gospe: Of course not!
Zach Gospe: We'll be there for two weeks, only taking breaks for food and pooping
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ☺️
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Good good good good good good
Daniel Strizhevsky: Good good good
Samvrutha Tumuluru: My original shoe insoles are in the shoe box in the recycling area
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Can someone grab them out of the box before the recycling gets taken out
Chris Acker: How did you remember that lol
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Was thinking about my shoes lol
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: what is the question sir
Chris Acker: No questions ser
Daniel Strizhevsky: my manager said he almost went to new jersey to go to three weddings
Daniel Strizhevsky: but alas did not go
Chris Acker: Did not go to all three?  Wow that was a big cancellation
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah I guess so lol I didn't really ask
Daniel Strizhevsky: But he was like "I could be in nj right now going to three weddings back to back"
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Oh yeah please eat my strawberries and carrots @Zach Gospe @Chris Acker
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Also I must confess I only got 3 workouts in this week
Samvrutha Tumuluru: So I will need to pay up
Zach Gospe: I only did 3 as well so cancel out one on that failure
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😃
Chris Acker: I did 4
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Daniel Strizhevsky how many did you get
Chris Acker: I accept cash and credit
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Also since @Daniel Strizhevsky has covid is he excused next week
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I will add to the Splitwise
Chris Acker: Dan has covid???
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Most likely. Not from Zach
Samvrutha Tumuluru: From his dad
Samvrutha Tumuluru: He hasn't tested positive yet. But his dad did. And he had a sore throat
Zach Gospe reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: Does this mean no wedding for him
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I think he will be safe by wedding time
Samvrutha Tumuluru: We have 2 weeks to go
Samvrutha Tumuluru: But it is an evolving situation
Zach Gospe: Woah that's intense buh
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yeah it's not bussin
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Meanwhile I'm covid free in Florida
Zach Gospe reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru: So worry not
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I think Dan's dads symptoms are mostly gone already though. I think he was feeling sick for like 2 days
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah I only did two this week unfortunately
Daniel Strizhevsky: I can pay up tomorrow
Daniel Strizhevsky: But I will likely ask to be excused next week
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'm gonna test again tomorrow, tested negative today
Daniel Strizhevsky: But probably covid
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Holy cow Chris is a rich man this week
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: Does @Groke have COVID??
Zach Gospe: I was exposed at work but I seem to be okay for now. Fingers crossed
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky: Good luck sie
Daniel Strizhevsky: Sir
Chris Acker: @Groke are we bussing at the gym today?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Holy cow another work day gym session
Samvrutha Tumuluru: You bois are wilding
Zach Gospe: Let's goooooooooooooooooooooo
Zach Gospe: Oooooooooooooooo
Zach Gospe: Samvrutha we need to leave the airport again to go to the gym but we'll be back soon
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Understandable my buh I'll allow it
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Gotta stay healthy
Samvrutha Tumuluru: As long as you come straight back!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Let's sign the lease today
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a sticker.
Zach Gospe: See you all at the gym in two minutes
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a sticker.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Just kidding
Samvrutha Tumuluru: You won't be seeing me
Zach Gospe: You're invisible now!?
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Zach Gospe: That's bussin
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Big
Daniel Strizhevsky: Not that big tbh but still
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I forgot to sign the lease
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Did anyone read it
Samvrutha Tumuluru: The parking addendum only has 2 cars listed on it
Samvrutha Tumuluru: We should have @Zach Gospe s car on there as well
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I finished signing anyway but does someone wanna email Moises and ask him to add the last vehicle
Chris Acker: I'll sign tonight
Chris Acker: Where do you guys want to go this summer btw
Chris Acker: Europe?  Iceland?  Need to start thinking about it!
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah Iceland or europe
Daniel Strizhevsky: Maybe
Chris Acker: Lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: What's so funny
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wait wait wait what about the 3rd car
Samvrutha Tumuluru: The lease only has our 2 cars Zach's car is not listed
Chris Acker: Where is the info about cars on the lease
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Search for “parking addendum”
Samvrutha Tumuluru: In the pdf
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: In your version does it say your name or my name
Samvrutha Tumuluru: It says your name
Chris Acker: weird
Zach Gospe: I can send a message about the car 🚗 at lunch
Chris Acker: Spoke to Moises and he said we didn't need to
Chris Acker: He says he has the car information in their system and they won't look at that addendum thing
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Ok
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a sticker.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Has everyone signed?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Daniel Strizhevsky
Chris Acker: I've not yet because you scared me away from doing so
Chris Acker: I'll sign when I'm back home
Chris Acker: At work now
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a sticker.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Ok good good! I read like 75% of the lease
Samvrutha Tumuluru: So if someone else wants to glance as well it would be very prudent
Daniel Strizhevsky: I will sign after work
Chris Acker: Me too
Daniel Strizhevsky: What level are you guys in V Rising
Chris Acker reacted with 😠
Daniel Strizhevsky: I have signed
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yesterday
Daniel Strizhevsky: What about Israel @Chris Acker
Daniel Strizhevsky: Or cambodia
Samvrutha Tumuluru: So we have all bussed?
Daniel Strizhevsky: When is your Hawaii grandma trip
Chris Acker: just signeed
Daniel Strizhevsky: Good good good
Daniel Strizhevsky: ?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Good good good good
Chris Acker: not sure
Chris Acker: ill ask my mum
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok thank you but you don't even know by yourself? Dumbo no offense but it's ok
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'm in me mums car
Daniel Strizhevsky: Broom broom
Daniel Strizhevsky: Get out me car
Chris Acker: it's in december actually
Chris Acker: we'll be there during christmas
Chris Acker: who's mecar
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😤
Daniel Strizhevsky: May he forever be remembered
Chris Acker: good timing lo;z
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ty
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok this gives us plenty of time to go to either
Daniel Strizhevsky: Iceland
Daniel Strizhevsky: Europe
Daniel Strizhevsky: Israel
Daniel Strizhevsky: Cambodia
Daniel Strizhevsky: or Other
Daniel Strizhevsky: We best get planning soon
Chris Acker: sweden
Chris Acker: denmark
Chris Acker: da nederlands
Daniel Strizhevsky: Norway
Daniel Strizhevsky: Finland
Daniel Strizhevsky: Taiwan
Daniel Strizhevsky: Estonia
Daniel Strizhevsky: Kyrgyzstan
Daniel Strizhevsky: Uzbekistan's exclave called Sokh
Daniel Strizhevsky: Viet Nam
Daniel Strizhevsky: Jk I would be embarrassed to go to viet Nam with you
Daniel Strizhevsky: Cause you'd bully them
Chris Acker reacted with 💩
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: hoa dong gan bo doan ket voi nhau
Daniel Strizhevsky: Stop it
Chris Acker: viet name chao dong cac ban!
Chris Acker: Let's go to Vietnam
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I'd be interested in a Vietnam, Cambodia, Laos, Thailand trip
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Or perhaps now would be the time to do a Scandinavia trip to take advantage of the INSANE daytime
Chris Acker: You sent an attachment.
Chris Acker shared a link.
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lolololol
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Fine this guy has convinced me to go to Spain instead
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: When are we gonna start playing V Rising btw, I've been waiting patiently
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Groke can you water the orchid in my room today
Zach Gospe: Yes buhhhhhh
Zach Gospe: Uhhhhh. Will take me some time to drive there from the airport though
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: So dedicated! For this I will allow a one day break from the airport
Samvrutha Tumuluru: But make sure to go right back tomorrow pls!
Daniel Strizhevsky: When btw?
Chris Acker: When will you play rocket league with Zach and me sir
Chris Acker: We have been bussing without you
Daniel Strizhevsky: In 16-19 years sir
Daniel Strizhevsky: Is Zach diamond yet
Chris Acker: No he is silver
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🙂
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol, Newby!!!
Chris Acker: You should 1 v 1 with wheat and put those words to the test
Daniel Strizhevsky: You can't trick me with some promise of competition
Chris Acker: I don't know what that means lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: Can't trick me
Daniel Strizhevsky: Sir
Daniel Strizhevsky: I will Be Rising in V Rising
Chris Acker reacted with 😠
Chris Acker: I'm not trying to trick you :iminnocent 
#innocent #playRL
Daniel Strizhevsky: Oops
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a gif.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lag
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a gif.
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a gif.
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a gif.
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a gif.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Made it send a bunch
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'm sorry
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: I will Be Rising in V Rising
Daniel Strizhevsky: Oh grocery boy
Daniel Strizhevsky: Grocery*
Daniel Strizhevsky: Grokey*
Daniel Strizhevsky: I know you can hear me
Daniel Strizhevsky: Don't turn your head away from me boy
Daniel Strizhevsky: Don't hide under Christopher's trousers
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: Broke has brought a feast back from his office place
Chris Acker: Groke*
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Holy cow that is feastin'
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Office banana!!!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Thursdays are bussin
Samvrutha Tumuluru: On Thursday's we feast
Samvrutha Tumuluru: It is coincidentally my last office day of the week as well
Samvrutha Tumuluru: So maybe we can make a tradition of this
Samvrutha Tumuluru: An office potluck of sorts
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: https://www.covid.gov/tests
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: should we order free covid tests again
Chris Acker: Ye
Chris Acker: Do you got us this time buh?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah I can do it later today
Samvrutha Tumuluru: My buhs can someone pick up my package: 672611
Chris Acker: Sure, we can pick it up next time we stop by to water the plants
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🙂
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Appreciate the dedication 😂
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yo flights this summer are insane
Daniel Strizhevsky: Until like September
Daniel Strizhevsky: To anywhere
Daniel Strizhevsky: Like insanely expensive
Daniel Strizhevsky: It might be worth going to Asia since those prices are only up like $200 or so
Daniel Strizhevsky: But Europe from SF is up like $600+
Daniel Strizhevsky: Although Stockholm/Copenhagen end of aug is $500, not bad at all
Samvrutha Tumuluru: My buhs did anyone get a chance to pick up my package
Chris Acker: Yeah we have it here with us
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lolololololololol
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 🤣🤣🤣
Chris Acker: ???
Chris Acker: Are you inset
Chris Acker: Okay
Chris Acker: Not I set
Chris Acker: Inset
Samvrutha Tumuluru: You have it with you in the car
Samvrutha Tumuluru: At the airport
Chris Acker: Ye
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 🤣
Chris Acker sent a gif.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Thank you for your service. I just wanted to check cause I got an email an hour ago
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I appreciate the dedication
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lolololol
Chris Acker: Hey no worries
Daniel Strizhevsky: Please respond to my flight messages
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a gif.
Chris Acker: Flight messages response:
Chris Acker: Where can you even go in asia tho
Chris Acker: Aren't prices only up because you can actually go places now
Daniel Strizhevsky: maybe
Daniel Strizhevsky: we can go anywhere
Daniel Strizhevsky: ho chi minh city
Daniel Strizhevsky: tbh I think denmark or sweden in late august is one of our best bets
Daniel Strizhevsky: what do you guys tink
Chris Acker: I tink therefore I is
Chris Acker: — Descartes
Daniel Strizhevsky: Good! shall we buy flights?
Daniel Strizhevsky: i assume we can buy the transportation within europe later
Daniel Strizhevsky: cause that should be p cheap and easy
Daniel Strizhevsky: sad
Daniel Strizhevsky: the day where tioga pass in yosemite was closed to cars but open to bikes just happened
Daniel Strizhevsky: we missed it again lol
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Reminder to update Splitwise for 5/9! I just added in my stuff but others should add in their stuff as well :)
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I didn't do any cancelling out just said I owed everyone $$ for accurate book keeping
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Also did everyone get their 4 workouts in last week! I did 5 for the first time ever :O
Daniel Strizhevsky: I need to do my 5/9 Splitwise as well I will do it soon
Daniel Strizhevsky: I will do it soon
Daniel Strizhevsky: How many did others do? @Christopher did 3 as well? Or 4? And did @snackary participate that week?
Daniel Strizhevsky: https://www.ign.com/articles/hogwarts-legacy-ps5-only-features

Time to buy a PS5??
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: To feel the flap of a hippogriff's winfs
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I just put it in as if I owed everyone
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah Im just curious
Samvrutha Tumuluru: So it doesn't matter how many others did as it will get fixed in the sheet once everyone puts their stuff down
Daniel Strizhevsky: Was Zachary in this one though
Daniel Strizhevsky: Do I pay him or no
Daniel Strizhevsky: ?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yeah @Zach Gospe was in this one I believe
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok I have paid my $2 each
Daniel Strizhevsky: Now @Chris Acker and @Zach Gospe remain
Daniel Strizhevsky: Also I removed drugv
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Chris Acker: Wait do I need to take action
Chris Acker: I did all the workouts
Samvrutha Tumuluru: No action required from @Chris Acker
Chris Acker: Ok
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Only required from @Groke
Daniel Strizhevsky: 2 weeks ago? I thought you guys agreed to not do the 4th or something
Samvrutha Tumuluru: No that was a different time
Samvrutha Tumuluru: When it was just the 3 of us
Daniel Strizhevsky: Oh ok
Chris Acker: When are you guys getting back btw
Daniel Strizhevsky: Tuesday night
Chris Acker: Is that both or just you
Daniel Strizhevsky: Both
Zach Gospe: I only did 3 for 5/9, but did all four for 5/16. Not sure how to represent that in the Splitwise
Samvrutha Tumuluru: So you would do title 5/9 and then pay each of us a dollar. You don't have to do anything for 5/16
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Splitwise is kinda weird so you will have to make 3 5/9 payments
Samvrutha Tumuluru: So like you will say Chris paid and you owe him a dollar
Samvrutha Tumuluru: And then like I paid and you owe me a dollar
Samvrutha Tumuluru: It's a little annoying but 🤷🏽‍♀️
Zach Gospe reacted with 😮
Zach Gospe: Okay I will do this. But there must be a better way
Daniel Strizhevsky: What brand is our knife from target?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Trying to order one for my parents
Daniel Strizhevsky: Or if anyone can send a picture of it
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Looks like it target brand or something lol
Chris Acker: Why don't you get them a better knife
Daniel Strizhevsky: It's the best knife I've used so it's an easy purchase
Daniel Strizhevsky: It's also 30x better than any knife they have
Chris Acker: @Daniel Strizhevsky @Samvrutha Tumuluru
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Here is the spontaneity you've always dreamt of
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: Holy cow
Daniel Strizhevsky: How cheap are those tickets
Samvrutha Tumuluru: That's wild
Chris Acker: Not sure lol
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I hope to one day achieve that level of yolo
Chris Acker: Same
Daniel Strizhevsky: Same
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Same
Daniel Strizhevsky: Hello sirs @Toum @Groke
Daniel Strizhevsky: Although samvrutha has tested negative for COVID her sore throat /cough is worsening
Daniel Strizhevsky: Should we get a hotel/airbnb? Or just lock ourselves in our room or something
Daniel Strizhevsky: Or test again tomorrow morning and see what happens
Chris Acker: Lol Zach is surrounded by covid
Chris Acker: From all angles
Daniel Strizhevsky: Poor snackary
Daniel Strizhevsky: No escape for him
Chris Acker: Zach has a bachelor party to attend this weekend which he's been organizing so I'd say his opinion on the matter comes first
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: Holy cow the famous party is this weekend!?!
Chris Acker: In my case, the less important case, I'm okay if you guys just quarantine in your room and wear masks when exiting/entering
Chris Acker: Maybe get doordash and such instead of spending time cooking in the kitchen and touching things?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah that sounds reasonable, let's wait and see what @Groke thinks. We can also get a hotel until Zach's event
Zach Gospe: My bachelor party unfortunately just got canceled due to Covid unfortunately
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🥺
Chris Acker reacted with 😮
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Zach Gospe: Double unfortunately
Chris Acker: Holy smokes
Zach Gospe: As such, I'm okay either way, though I second the motion that I'd feel more comfortable if you and samvrutha limited time in shared spaces as much as possible
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Chris Acker: Can Dan spread it if he's immune after having it?
Chris Acker: Wouldn't his super-immune white blood cells just destroy that business?
Zach Gospe: Anyone can spread it. This thing is super mega contagious
Daniel Strizhevsky: :o really??
Daniel Strizhevsky: I didn't know I could still spread it
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I am caught up
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I will order food and wear a mask in common areas if needed
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a sticker.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Also will leave our patio door open but room door closed
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I recommend giving the kitchen a quick scrub down cause I was in there earlier today
Samvrutha Tumuluru: And maybe opening up the windows in the living room to air it out
Daniel Strizhevsky: Sounds good to me
Daniel Strizhevsky: And we'll test samvrutha again tomorrow
Daniel Strizhevsky: Should I buy some paper plates for me and samvrutha to use?
Daniel Strizhevsky: So that we can just throw it out directly
Zach Gospe: That seems like a smart move
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok I'll buy some at cvs
Daniel Strizhevsky: Hello little binkertons
Daniel Strizhevsky: Is there a chance I can borrow The Futon @Christopher
Daniel Strizhevsky: For some Sleeping
Daniel Strizhevsky: Thank you graciously for the delivery!
Zach Gospe: You got it my buhs
Daniel Strizhevsky: Oh also tomorrow morning we should re-set up autopay to pay rent
Daniel Strizhevsky: And pay this months rent
Chris Acker: Oh was that not due today
Daniel Strizhevsky: It is
Daniel Strizhevsky: Do they usually give us a couple extra days? I forgot
Daniel Strizhevsky: Maybe we should just pay today and venmo
Chris Acker: I thought they did but I also forget
Chris Acker: Yeah we can do that
Daniel Strizhevsky: And set it up for next time
Chris Acker: Are our precious autopay settings not there
Chris Acker: Previous
Daniel Strizhevsky: No they seem to have gone away, nothing was paid
Zach Gospe: Okay let's pay and venmo
Zach Gospe: How should we go about doing that?
Daniel Strizhevsky: We should be able to do it on the website by clicking the payment button or whatever
Daniel Strizhevsky: But tbh I think it's fine to do tomorrow morning
Zach Gospe: Okay sounds good. I am in the middle of verifying my bank account with them so I can't pay directly without a fee anyway at the moment.
Daniel Strizhevsky: im gonna pay the whole rent rn and let's talk about it later today
Zach Gospe reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky: for posterity
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Zach Gospe: How is @Samvrutha Tumuluru  doing today?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Very poorly
Zach Gospe reacted with 😢
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Has been a very long day
Chris Acker: 😢
Chris Acker: I don't mean to bus on you when yur sick, but have you and Daniel been cleaning where you touch in common areas?  I noticed things such as rice and tea were made this morning.  Is it safe for me to touch the kettle and such?
Daniel Strizhevsky: I have been washing my hands before each exit into the living room and samvrutha has stayed indoors
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky: I can further disinfect the items I touched
Chris Acker: Okay thank you
Daniel Strizhevsky: But haven't done so yet
Chris Acker: I hope you feel better sv t
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: Also the rice was samvruthas rice so worry not
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok I have swabbed the places I have touched with the Mrs Meyer's Clean Day spray
Zach Gospe reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky: Let me know if there is a better way to clean suchly
Zach Gospe: I will leave some wipes out in the kitchen to make it very easy to clean too
Daniel Strizhevsky: Thank you sir!
Zach Gospe: How is our patient today?
Daniel Strizhevsky: No fever currently
Daniel Strizhevsky: But it might still be due to the effects of nyquil
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Grokey boy let me know when you are done making your Food in the Kitchen, and I will make samvrutha and myself some Oat Meal in the Instant Pot
Zach Gospe reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky: Also I think I just took the last toilet paper roll, we should order some more
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Toum we don't have a recurring order for toilet paper right?
Zach Gospe: I'll be done in the kitchen in a few minutes. I'll let you know
Chris Acker: I just ordered some more tp
Zach Gospe: Kitchen is yours my buh @Daniel Strizhevsky
Daniel Strizhevsky: Thank you sire and thank you sire
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok I will be in the kitchen for several mins
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Took another test and it still says negative 🤷🏽‍♀️
Zach Gospe: Very interesting. Maybe your immune system is just bussin on that bad boy so much it can't live in your nose

Or maybe you have something else
Daniel Strizhevsky: I don't trust these tests lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: I feel like I'd be sick by now if it was something else
Daniel Strizhevsky: I will be in the kitchen for a little bit to make a Mashed Potato
Chris Acker: Why
Daniel Strizhevsky: To make a Mashed Potato
Zach Gospe: How are you today @Samvrutha Tumuluru ?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Her fever is muchly reduced, no fever reducers taken in a long time
Zach Gospe reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky: But now she has an extreme sore throat
Daniel Strizhevsky: How are you boys? Still healthy?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Also - it seems we are out of wipeys, anyone have more?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Also - today would be a Great day for you guys to go on some sort of outdoor adventure and avoid the house air lol
Zach Gospe: Good to hear the fever is reduced. I'm still doing fine, thankfully. I take it you're still healthy too danathy?
Zach Gospe: Also yeah we should definitely get out of the house @Chris Acker
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah I am healthy
Zach Gospe reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky: My cough has come back very slightly but nothing else
Daniel Strizhevsky: But my cough comes back from time to time anyway
Zach Gospe: Gotcha. Well hopefully the worst is over
Zach Gospe: I appear to be out of wipes but we can pick up some more today
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yee hopefully
Daniel Strizhevsky: Attention boys samvrutha will be coming out briefly so we can go get a PCR test
Daniel Strizhevsky: So don't come out for the next 2 mins
Chris Acker: Cool cool
Chris Acker: We are currently outside
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok very nice
Daniel Strizhevsky: What are you guys doing
Zach Gospe: Just grabbing some lunchy
Daniel Strizhevsky: Good good good good
Daniel Strizhevsky: We are coming back up now
Zach Gospe: We are back now
Zach Gospe: Should we hide
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent an audio file.
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Zach Gospe: It's a masterpiece
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Ty
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I think I've finally turned the corner. Fever is gone now just have a cough and congestion
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Took another covid test and was negative again
Samvrutha Tumuluru: So who knows what the heck this was
Chris Acker: Good!
Chris Acker: Drink some tea for congestion
Chris Acker: 🍵
Chris Acker: ☕️
Chris Acker: 🫖
Chris Acker: Although if it's not covid Daniel will likely get sick as well 😢
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🥺
Samvrutha Tumuluru: He is ok so far we are keeping him by the door
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Hopefully he just lucks out this time
Chris Acker: He's been sequestered to a door? 🚪
Chris Acker: Poor boy
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Chris Acker: He is good boi
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: It's the only way to keep him safe
Chris Acker: Even though we are in different places, it is comforting to know that we are looking out at the same in n out
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Does it smell like burgers
Chris Acker: No
Samvrutha Tumuluru: That's good
Daniel Strizhevsky: Good good good
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Praise Keir
Zach Gospe: All hail the dark one.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Make sure you make your character on the Crescent Moon server!
Zach Gospe reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky: Corey is a Demon Hunter and I am a Crusader so I recommend a different character (although not required) :)
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Chris Acker there is a downton abbey movie in theaters right now
Samvrutha Tumuluru: just saying
Daniel Strizhevsky: By the way @Christopher @Zachary I found your A Little Trolling
Daniel Strizhevsky: But I didn't realize it was Trolling
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'd say it was a pretty good Subtle Trolling
Zach Gospe reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: Thank you for your service
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCW5OrUZ4SeUYkUg1XqcjFYA/community?lb=UgkxG-UZDtaQYFpTssRm4JunecE9YCi45SdM
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Shall we let @Samvrutha out with an N95 mask? She is much better today and is barely coughing at all
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: Also happy birthday @Grokey boy!!!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Happy Birthday Zack!
Zach Gospe: Thank you buhs! I'm okay with Sammy V escaping with a mask on
Chris Acker: Yeah as long as a mask is worn and hands are washed before touching things I'm okay with it
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Anyone else experiencing internet troubles?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: There is a bird in our wall
Samvrutha Tumuluru: We don't know what to do
Samvrutha Tumuluru: But it is tweeting sadly
Daniel Strizhevsky: It wasn't a bird
Daniel Strizhevsky: It was a water bottle
Daniel Strizhevsky: But samvrutha had already gone down and told someone it's a bird
Daniel Strizhevsky: Embarrassing, as Phoenix would say
Samvrutha Tumuluru: :(
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Carnistopher if you unload the dishwasher I will put away all the dishes we have accumulated in the sink. Figured it would probably be preferred that I don't touch all the clean dishes if I don't need to :)
Samvrutha Tumuluru: We will be needing dishwashing liquid shortly
Daniel Strizhevsky: Shall we do the rent Business today?
Zach Gospe reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky: How do The Boys @everyone feel about some Air Con? I'm a bit Sweating atm
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I would be in favor of mild aircon
Daniel Strizhevsky: Maybe we put it on 78 or something of the like?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok @Zachachary!
Daniel Strizhevsky: Shall we punch some Demons in the Throat?
Daniel Strizhevsky: If you will
Daniel Strizhevsky: The day of the A/C is this day (June 10)
Daniel Strizhevsky: As a reminder for the checking of PG&E.COM
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Chris Acker: Thank you Daniel
Daniel Strizhevsky: You're welcome Christopher for saying thank you
Zach Gospe: I have added two knives to our collection please feel free to use them but note that they must be hand washed and not dishwasher washed
Chris Acker reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru: thank you sir your contribution will not be forgotten or remembered
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Chris Acker: I will remember it
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Groke @Toum if you guys are Riceing today please Rice me one as well. If not, worry not! :)
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Zach Gospe: I will be home and ricing within the hour
Daniel Strizhevsky: Good sir! Have you riced or not yet?
Zach Gospe: No sir but I will emerge now
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: Which sirs want rice today? @Groke @Toum
Daniel Strizhevsky: @everyone
Zach Gospe: Yes buh thank you
Zach Gospe: Both Chris and I
Daniel Strizhevsky: Good
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Chris Acker: WHAT IN THE WORLD
Chris Acker: HOW SI THIS POSSIBLE
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I don't get it
Daniel Strizhevsky: We require that all residents always keep their patios/balconies clean and neat, according to the following standards:

 

• Appearance: Rugs, towels, laundry, clothing, appliances, trash, or other items not considered outdoor furniture, plants, etc. should not be stored on balconies/patios or draped/hung on railings or other portions of the balconies/patios.

Bikes: Please check in with our staff for our bike room access.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Uh oh are we gonna get in trouble
Daniel Strizhevsky: For our bikes
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Did they send that to us specifically
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Or just generally
Daniel Strizhevsky: No generally
Daniel Strizhevsky: In the recent email
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Meh then it's fine
Daniel Strizhevsky: But the email says they're gonna have a photoshoot and need people's balconies to look good
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Oh
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Well that's annoying
Daniel Strizhevsky: https://www.sfgate.com/food/article/San-Francisco-ice-cream-shop-opens-new-location-17246540.php
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Free ice cream from Humphrey Slocombe on July 6th! @Samvrutha Tumuluru and I won't be there :(
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Make sure you boys go to the Summer Party that's starting now!
Daniel Strizhevsky: You can drink your drinks for free!
Daniel Strizhevsky: And mingle!
Daniel Strizhevsky: Awkwardly
Chris Acker: You started a video chat.
Chris Acker: You joined the video chat.
Zach Gospe: A contact joined the video chat.
Zach Gospe: Sheeeesh
Chris Acker: Did you buhs get to Yosemite
Zach Gospe: We certainly did awkwardly mingle
Zach Gospe: Did you make it to Yosemite???????!!!!!
Chris Acker: The video call ended.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Indeed we did
Daniel Strizhevsky: How was the mingling
Zach Gospe: Buhhhh
Zach Gospe: My face is tingling
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: We 
We met many people
Chris Acker: People from France
Chris Acker: From India
Chris Acker: From Mexico
Chris Acker: What are you buhs even doing
Zach Gospe: Moises poured us many drinks
Chris Acker: Moises poured us many drinks
Zach Gospe: Then he poured even morel
Chris Acker: Then he poured even more
Zach Gospe: More***
Daniel Strizhevsky: Holy goodness
Daniel Strizhevsky: How were there people from all these places
Zach Gospe: 이녀핫애요
Chris Acker: Anyonghaseyo
Zach Gospe: They all live here buhhh
Daniel Strizhevsky: Holy cow
Zach Gospe: 안녕
Daniel Strizhevsky: Did you make any friends
Daniel Strizhevsky: Were they all old this time
Chris Acker: There were some like our age
Zach Gospe: Some girls asked us to go to their apartment but we decided to watch kdrama instead
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: Yea yes
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lolol you should have gone
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I'm trying to make more girl friends out here
Daniel Strizhevsky: Holy cow
Daniel Strizhevsky: How did you make this decision
Daniel Strizhevsky: What were they gonna do in their apartment
Zach Gospe: They were gonna pour us really good tequila
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: I got scared and bailed out
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: Why
Daniel Strizhevsky: How did @Grokey react to your bailing out
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Did you at least find out where they live or get their numbers
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Maybe we can all be friends
Zach Gospe: I ain't about bussing on my buhs when they are not feeling it
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Zach Gospe: She lives in 611 buhs
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: A true comrade through and through
Zach Gospe: We're connected on LinkedIn
Zach Gospe: It's all good
Daniel Strizhevsky: Who is "she" if you guys said "girl(s)"
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Alright when I get back we will attempt a friendship
Daniel Strizhevsky: How did this happen
Daniel Strizhevsky: Did you talk about work
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Or perhaps Zach can make this happen during his days off
Zach Gospe: She's a recruiter at TikTok and Chris just onterviewed there
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Zach Gospe: Interviewed
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lolololol
Zach Gospe: Frick my face is the tightness
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Are you serious
Daniel Strizhevsky: Holy cow you guys know a RECRUITER?!!?
Chris Acker: She bright friends
Zach Gospe reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: that's wild
Zach Gospe: She because her friends don't live here
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: The other girls were her friends
Zach Gospe: Reacted 😆 to your message 
Chris Acker: Yeah Zach and I met a TikTok recruiter and google recruiter tonight
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Was this a party
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Or a career fair
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: the guy I hung out with the most was the founder of a startup
Chris Acker: Who is now broke
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Zach Gospe: 힝볶 하자
Chris Acker: Because the investors backed out on the 2 million the promises
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🥺
Chris Acker: Promised
Chris Acker: When the economy crashes
Chris Acker: D
Daniel Strizhevsky: This is sad
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Big sad
Daniel Strizhevsky: Were the people at this party just more interesting than the last one or were you guys just braver @Chris Acker
Chris Acker: More interesting definiert
Chris Acker: Definitely
Zach Gospe: 헹붘하자
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Did you get the dudes apartment number
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Also @Groke I don't know what you are saying
Daniel Strizhevsky: Why
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Zach Gospe: I'm saying let's be happy
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Zach Gospe: But I spelled it wrong
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Zach Gospe: Cause I'm a learner
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Zach Gospe: Woooo lots of happy faces
Daniel Strizhevsky: Are you guys gonna hang out with 611 girl
Daniel Strizhevsky: In the future
Chris Acker: I think it was 616
Zach Gospe: Oh idk
Chris Acker: Or 618 or swinging
Chris Acker: Something
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Zach Gospe: Swinging noooo
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: Classic swinging
Zach Gospe: I'm not about swinging
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: Sounds like she will never be found again
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Uh oh looks like 611 girl might be lost forever
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Did you share our apartment number
Zach Gospe: We're connected on LinkedIn my buh
Zach Gospe: We told people we were under the floor
Samvrutha Tumuluru: You guys are the type of guys to say you live in apartment 520
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Zach Gospe: 502
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Instead of 502
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Accidentally
Daniel Strizhevsky: Man I haven't been to a Social Function in quite a while
Daniel Strizhevsky: Other than the wedding @Samvrutha Tumuluru and I went to recently
Daniel Strizhevsky: Where she made a Friend
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Chris Acker please respond, what scared you
Zach Gospe: It's all about bussing
Zach Gospe: That's all life is
Zach Gospe: Bussing until you don't need to bus no more
Chris Acker: Life is just a practice run
Chris Acker: We live, and we learn from our mistakes and from our experiences
Zach Gospe: Preach it buh
Zach Gospe: It's all about experiencing beautiful new things and letting them go.  That's it
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok busargs
Daniel Strizhevsky: I have set an appointment tomorrow for 8pm. You should all receive an email
Zach Gospe reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky: Thank you!
Daniel Strizhevsky: How's Diablo Immortal going btw?
Zach Gospe: Sounds good on the appointment. 

Diablo immortal is pretty good. I'm at level 30 now and wrecking all the demon buhs they throw at me
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: Great! And @Christopher?
Chris Acker: I think you'll be glad to hear that I am still at level ♾
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: You might catch up to me someday, but the heat death of the universe might come first 🤷‍♂️
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I'm very glad to hear this
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I am also chilling at ♾
Daniel Strizhevsky: You darn bartlebies
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Zach Gospe are you interested in joining us on a low-key hike at Las Trampas today?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Might be too hot tbh
Zach Gospe: I think I shall pass my buhs thanks for the offer though!
Chris Acker: You started a call.
Chris Acker: You joined the call.
Chris Acker: The call ended.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: We are at Soju
Daniel Strizhevsky: ok @Christopher can you set up your Autopay in this way? and confirm that this makes sense?
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: you and @Zachary will each be venmoed $2 for an overpayment of like 22 cents a month
Daniel Strizhevsky: and then utilities we will continue to have one person pay and venmo split 4 ways
Daniel Strizhevsky: cause there's no good way to automate that
Chris Acker: Just set it up, thanks for doing the calculations
Daniel Strizhevsky: did it say it worked and such when you put it in?
Daniel Strizhevsky: i cant see if it's like working or not
Daniel Strizhevsky: ok I will charge you guys this amount + utilities
Chris Acker reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky: for the jun 1 rent
Chris Acker: hmm yeah there doesn't seem to have been a problem
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Chris Acker: Yep, thanks for paying that
Daniel Strizhevsky: yes sir
Chris Acker: https://www.youtube.com/shorts/PzlWL-4akF4?&ab_channel=RightWayBBQ
Chris Acker shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: just to double check referring to this
Daniel Strizhevsky: I charged this
1239.4*2 + 1789.9*2
Daniel Strizhevsky: for june
Daniel Strizhevsky: Any @ricetophers want rice today?
Chris Acker: No thx I'm all good over here
Zach Gospe: Anyone want to walk downtown with me to get an early lunch?
Chris Acker: I'll probably just eat some dumplings for lunch today
Zach Gospe: All good all good
Samvrutha Tumuluru: What time
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I am awake
Samvrutha Tumuluru: But need to get ready
Zach Gospe: I was thinking in like 20 or 30 minutes
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Can we eat something healthy
Zach Gospe: Absolutely. Do you have something specific in mind?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Nope :)
Zach Gospe: Perhaps Mediterranean?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Hold on a second let me think about this are we planning on bussin tonight at a restaurant?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I want to go for a walk but if we are going out to eat tonight I will probably just eat something at home for now
Samvrutha Tumuluru: But I'm still interested in accompanying you
Samvrutha Tumuluru: To the lovely downtown
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Chris Acker @Daniel Strizhevsky what were your plans for dinner
Chris Acker: Don't have any
Zach Gospe: I will be out playing some dungeons and dragons with some friends this afternoon and evening so will possibly be eating with them
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Ahh ok I see I see we'll anyway I'll be ready in ~10
Daniel Strizhevsky: I would be Pleased to eat dinner out today
Chris Acker: @Daniel Strizhevsky can I still redeem chase points for 1.5 c per point or has that deal passed
Daniel Strizhevsky: hmm i'm not sure
Daniel Strizhevsky: it might end this month or something
Daniel Strizhevsky: you should check in the chase ultimate rewards thingy
Daniel Strizhevsky: well you can always redeem it for 1.5c per point on flights from the chase travel portal thing but the deal is you could go back into your payments and use it on a bunch of previous purchases
Daniel Strizhevsky: btw @Groke @Toum if anyone is making rice today pls make me a Cup
Zach Gospe: I am eating with my folks tonight but should be back around 7:30
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Zach Gospe: Do we wanna do dnd tonight? In other words should I be prepared for the next session in case there is interest
Chris Acker: Always be prepared good use
Chris Acker: Sir
Chris Acker: For that is my advice
Zach Gospe reacted with 👍
Zach Gospe: Reacted 👍 to your message 
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yeah!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: We are going to the store next door to check out dice in a couple minute :so
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: * :P
Daniel Strizhevsky: Where even are you, @Zachary? Many were searching for you
Samvrutha Tumuluru: He just said!
Daniel Strizhevsky: Who just said
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Zach
Samvrutha Tumuluru: See
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I thought I had gone crazy for a second
Daniel Strizhevsky: Oh I hadn't seen
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Zach Gospe if you're gonna be home in the next 15 mins
Daniel Strizhevsky: Just meet us at game Kastle
Daniel Strizhevsky: Because that's where we will be
Daniel Strizhevsky: If you want of course
Zach Gospe: I'll drive to game kastle I'll be there in 20-25 minutes
Zach Gospe: Is that too late?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Hmmmmm
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'm not sure
Daniel Strizhevsky: We are nearly there
Daniel Strizhevsky: We'll let you know if we are gone or not
Daniel Strizhevsky: We are still there btw
Zach Gospe reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru: We are going homeb
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Please meet us at home!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Didn't find anything inspiring
Zach Gospe: Gotcha
Zach Gospe: I am home
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok
Daniel Strizhevsky: Can you preheat the oven at 3 hundred 50 degrees please
Zach Gospe: Yessir
Daniel Strizhevsky: Thank you sir
Daniel Strizhevsky: Should I restart the router
Daniel Strizhevsky: hello @Toum @Grokey boys
Daniel Strizhevsky: Is anyone going south today by any chance to the korean store to get some Groceries and is interested in taking us to SJC on the way? :) Understandable if not :)
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Should we throw a World Cup party
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Buy food drinks etc and invite people over
Samvrutha Tumuluru: In honor of soccer
Chris Acker: Why are you pretending to be so into soccer all of a sudden
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lol I don't care about soccer 😂
Chris Acker: Next you'll become obsessed with rocket league
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Just an excuse for a party
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lol we are a LING way from that
Samvrutha Tumuluru: LOGN
Samvrutha Tumuluru: LONG
Chris Acker: Look at that
Chris Acker: Rocket league wants YOU
Chris Acker: It was messing up your typing
Chris Acker: Twice in a row
Chris Acker: Because it is your destiny
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👎
Chris Acker: Are you in San Diego now
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Just landed
Chris Acker: Welcome!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Thank you!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Welcome to you as well!
Daniel Strizhevsky: Welcome!
Daniel Strizhevsky: Игрек
Zach Gospe: Yas
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Just so we are all on the same page
Samvrutha Tumuluru: As I was only recently informed
Samvrutha Tumuluru: The World Cup is in November
Samvrutha Tumuluru: So we can also throw a party sooner
Samvrutha Tumuluru: If so desired
Zach Gospe: Let's throw a party sooner as well
Daniel Strizhevsky: Farty
Samvrutha Tumuluru: But others will have to source the theme as I have just suggested World Cup :P
Zach Gospe: Let's invent a holiday
Zach Gospe: Bussington's Day perhaps
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'm a fan of Bussing Tom's day
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Who tf is Tom
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I am in favor of Bussing Tom's day only if one of the people in our apartment legally changed their name to Tom
Zach Gospe: Every year on the ninth of July, bussergs from around the world celebrate the victory of Bussing Tom, the first person to not give a flying frick about anything whatsoever.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Busargs*
Zach Gospe reacted with 😆
Zach Gospe: I'm open to other ideas too :)
Chris Acker: https://www.roadtrips.com/calendar-of-events/
Chris Acker shared a link.
Chris Acker: here is a list of major sporting event dates that we could stage a party around
Chris Acker: Take your picks good sirs
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Zach Gospe: The torrent, c-class federation space port
Zach Gospe: Thanks to this AI art app I found called starry ai
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Chris are you awake to buy
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Or do we do this tomorrow
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Oh wait is Chris in a meeting @Zach Gospe
Zach Gospe: I am at my folks this evening so I'm unsure
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Ahhh ok
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Just final confirmation @Zach Gospe you are not interested in the trip? The start and end locations are london —> Estonia
Chris Acker: Dhruv says he is interested in coming on part of the trip (he has to return before September)
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: Should I personally ask Sarin if he is ok with that? 🐒
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah probably
Daniel Strizhevsky: Is Dhruv ok with sarin being there?
Chris Acker: I said he was going
Chris Acker: Sarin said no lol
Chris Acker: So now how do I tell Dhruv no??
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: This is awkward
Daniel Strizhevsky: Does Dhruv know sarin doesn't like him
Chris Acker: Yeah but he probably thinks if he can get over it than Sarin can
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: Hmmm I might offer to do half the trip with dhruv and then join you guys later or something
Daniel Strizhevsky: Holy goodness this has become quite the predicament
Samvrutha Tumuluru: This is a big predicament indeed!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Are you still going to buy flights with us
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Or does this change everything
Chris Acker: Yeah probably
Chris Acker: It would just change possibly accommodations and destinations along the way
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Ah ok ok so maybe you start with us split off for a bit and then rejoin?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lol are you guys gonna go to literally the same countries and cities 😂
Chris Acker: I imagine I'd meet Dhruv at Heathrow and we'd go our separate ways lol
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Like we will be sitting on the same train just like a few rows apart
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 😂😂😂
Chris Acker: I haven't talked to dhruv about this yet as I'm at work
Chris Acker: 😂
Zach Gospe: I will be passing on this one my buhs
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I have a package: 781800. Would greatly appreciate if someone grabbed it for me today!
Chris Acker: Please remind me at 6 o'clock or so
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a sticker.
Chris Acker: Okay, I've talk to Dhruv and it looks like he just probably won't go 😭
Chris Acker: Very awkward call, but had to be done
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Daniel Strizhevsky: Give me the rundown
Chris Acker: I'll give you a rundown in person lol
Chris Acker: Samvrutha I got your package
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: In a WEEEK???!!
Daniel Strizhevsky: Or on a call
Chris Acker: Either or
Chris Acker: Not on a call with Sarin tho
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky: Understood
Daniel Strizhevsky: Jsui also seems to be unable to go
Chris Acker: :)
Chris Acker: What
Chris Acker: You've tricked me
Chris Acker: Did she even try to seduce her boss??
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: No she felt it would be inappropriate
Daniel Strizhevsky: And has 4 bosses compared to sarin's 2
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Groke can we put this in our D&D adventure somehow
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Reminder that We must Pay our Utilities today!
Chris Acker: How utilitarian of you !
Zach Gospe: I just paid utilities. $257.42
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Thank you sir!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Please Venmo request us and we will pay promptly!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Ah I see it is in the Splitwise
Zach Gospe: I wised the split this time, indeed
Daniel Strizhevsky: thank you sir
Zach Gospe: First we bus, as I always say. 🚌
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Then we munch
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Can someone water the vine plant
Samvrutha Tumuluru: And the big plant in the living room today
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 🙂🌱💦
Zach Gospe: Okey dokey
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Thank you!!!
Chris Acker: Anyone in the apt?
Chris Acker: I'll probably be back around 4ish
Zach Gospe: I'm out at this 4th of July festival thing in downtown RWC but I'll be back by 4
Chris Acker: Wowza
Chris Acker: How is that
Chris Acker: Should we go somewhere to watch fireworks tonight or
Chris Acker: Not
Zach Gospe: I have no strong feelings either way. If you're feeling like you want to go though, I'm in. Otherwise I bet we could see some from our roof
Zach Gospe: It's kinda interesting down here. A bunch of arts/crafts/clothing booths
Zach Gospe: I'm mostly just people watching
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'm not in the apt
Daniel Strizhevsky: How was the adventure @Toum
Chris Acker: It was good!
Chris Acker: Avalon City on Catalina was amazing
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: And grime and I saw some fireworks here in Redwood City
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Groke*
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Hey that's a pretty good view!
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I'm random question the package you guys picked up was it one package or two
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Also perhaps could someone open up the package and tell me if it is the romper or the overalls
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I think either jcrew or American eagle is bussin on me
Samvrutha Tumuluru: But not sure which of these fools is pulling the wool over my eyes as they say
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🐑
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: Wow!  Only about a week away from our own slack-ass's birthday
Zach Gospe reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: You got packages from both Jcrew and American eagle
Chris Acker: One of them came in a locker and one in the mail
Chris Acker: Do you still need them opened
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Nope no need to open!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Thank you!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Also look I found your spirit animal Christopher
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: The fennec fox they call it
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Zach Gospe: Reacted 😆 to your message 
Chris Acker: hey its na hi do
Samvrutha Tumuluru: When I get home I will put in the $3 workout dollars I owe for two weeks ago
Daniel Strizhevsky: Mokay
Samvrutha Tumuluru: And the $1 workout dollar I owe for last week
Daniel Strizhevsky: Hello The Boys
Daniel Strizhevsky: I have a survey for @everyone to fill out
Daniel Strizhevsky: When is the last time you used The Toaster?

Thank you
Chris Acker: Thank you for sharing Daniel
Chris Acker: Where can I take the survey
Daniel Strizhevsky: Simply respond here at your earliest convenience
Chris Acker: here
Daniel Strizhevsky: Your answer must be a number
Daniel Strizhevsky: Followed by a unit of time
Daniel Strizhevsky: Please try again
Chris Acker: 2
Chris Acker: month
Chris Acker: Wait is month a unit of time
Chris Acker: Let me try again
Chris Acker: 1,440
Chris Acker: hour
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok, thank you. Your response has been recorded. We are waiting for responses from 3 more people.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 1 a year
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wait
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 1 month ago
Samvrutha Tumuluru: But that was because I was sick
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I normally don't eat bread
Daniel Strizhevsky: For me, about 1 month ago as well
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok, thank you. Your response has been recorded. We are waiting for responses from 2 more people.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok, thank you. Your response has been recorded. We are waiting for responses from 1 more people.
Zach Gospe: 1.5 months ago
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok, thank you. Your response has been recorded. We are waiting for responses from 0 more people.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Thank you @everyone for responding! This is super helpful. We strive to make The Living Experience better every day, and getting data like this is extremely important.
Zach Gospe: Chris and I have recently talked multiple times about swearing off of bread. 

Let this be a small additional note in response to your survey. Please disregard if this comment is out of place.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Duly noted, any and all comments are welcome. Thank you sirs!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I have sworn off bread
Daniel Strizhevsky: Anyone riding today @everyone
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ricing
Chris Acker: Yeah
Daniel Strizhevsky: Can you rice me
Chris Acker: @Groke do you need rice
Chris Acker: I will make 3 cups just in case
Daniel Strizhevsky: thank you Toum
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Can I restart the internet
Samvrutha Tumuluru: It's being a bit dumb
Chris Acker: I am ok with this one
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a sticker.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Zach Gospe
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Sir
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Would it be ok
Chris Acker: My internet is fine tho
Chris Acker: Have you tried disconnecting
Chris Acker: And then connecting again
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yeah tried that one
Chris Acker: Did you do the second step I mentioned
Zach Gospe: Plz do not restart it until after 4:30
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yeah tried that one
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Sad
Samvrutha Tumuluru: My stuff is loading but very slowly
Zach Gospe: Very sorry but I'm in very important meetings until then and don't want to risk getting booted
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a sticker.
Chris Acker: Pls Remember that our young boy Zach is a product manager and his job is basically having meetings with people throughout the day!
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😇
Daniel Strizhevsky: Then when does he Manage the Product
Zach Gospe: After work hours :D
Daniel Strizhevsky: Any brethren want rice @everyone?
Zach Gospe: @Chris Acker we'll all be going to the gym shortly
Daniel Strizhevsky: Dear The Boys
Daniel Strizhevsky: @everyone
Daniel Strizhevsky: How do we feel about dinner in the city??? Or no
Chris Acker: Hmm i don't know if im feeling it
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Are we still going to the bar
Samvrutha Tumuluru: They looked and doesn't say
Chris Acker: What does that mean
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Well are you gonna redoing
Chris Acker: We can still go to the bar
Daniel Strizhevsky: Eggs comma fried
Chris Acker: https://www.lastritesbar.com/menu
Chris Acker shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: How are you feeling Plaqueary
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Zachary
Chris Acker: He's great
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah we saw
Daniel Strizhevsky: It's really great to see
Daniel Strizhevsky: He was however boiling bananas
Daniel Strizhevsky: Which is a bit concerning
Zach Gospe: Yes because it's goooooddddd
Zach Gospe: Banana + oats + peanut butter boiled to perfection
Daniel Strizhevsky: Understandable
Samvrutha Tumuluru: That is understood
Daniel Strizhevsky: Any Big Rice today? @everyone
Chris Acker: Yes
Chris Acker sent a sticker.
Daniel Strizhevsky: And @Grokey?
Zach Gospe: Yessss
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Big rice is taking over our lives and killing our families
Samvrutha Tumuluru: How long are we going to allow this industrial complex to run us?????
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Just food for thought
Zach Gospe: https://smartasset.com/retirement/gift-tax-limits
Zach Gospe shared a link.
Zach Gospe: https://smartasset.com/taxes/how-to-fill-out-form-709
Zach Gospe shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: I've made a chocolate covered peanut butter @Christopher
Daniel Strizhevsky: I will try it and if it is good we can make Hundreds
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Zach Gospe: Is the chocolate dark perhaps?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Pretty good. Perhaps not enough peanut butter
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yes sir it is
Daniel Strizhevsky: I will adjust my recipe and make another now
Daniel Strizhevsky: It will take Hours
Zach Gospe reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok I've managed to turn this two step process into a one step process hopefully
Daniel Strizhevsky: So maybe it shan't take hours
Daniel Strizhevsky: Attempt no 2
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: It's kind of just ok
Daniel Strizhevsky: We can make more though
Daniel Strizhevsky: @the boys any rice? @everyone
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Groke @Toum
Chris Acker: Hmm we may not be ready for a round of rice any time soon
Chris Acker: If you start it after like 30 min we'll take some
Daniel Strizhevsky: Hmmmmm
Daniel Strizhevsky: Hmmmmm
Daniel Strizhevsky: I may put it on Fatboy mode then
Daniel Strizhevsky: Which is +20 mins
Chris Acker: With our rice in it or not
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah
Daniel Strizhevsky: With
Chris Acker: Ok
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok
Chris Acker: Also
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yes
Chris Acker: How much live oil is remaining
Chris Acker: Olive
Daniel Strizhevsky: Low
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Starting ricycles now
Zach Gospe: Bussy Chris may I remove your dry clothing to some temporary location?
Chris Acker: Yes you may
Zach Gospe: Ty
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I'm not doing so well with this workout challenge
Samvrutha Tumuluru: But there is still time to get ahead!
Daniel Strizhevsky: Any rice @everyone ?
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Grokey
Zach Gospe: Rice plz
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a sticker.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: We hu
Zach Gospe: Dan is going to get dinner with a friend today. @Chris Acker @Samvrutha Tumuluru shall we also go out to dinner in RWC
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Zach Gospe: *sorry Dan is getting dinner with a neutral acquaintance
Chris Acker: I'm down
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I'm DOWN TO CLOWN
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I will need to work out first
Samvrutha Tumuluru: That will probably be from 5:30-6:00
Zach Gospe: Great I'll prob work til 6 anyway
Samvrutha Tumuluru: And then will probably shower for the safety of all noses involved
Samvrutha Tumuluru: So let's say 6:30ish?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: (Or later)
Chris Acker: My snoot thanks you
Chris Acker: Hello
Chris Acker: Are we still doing this
Chris Acker: I might just get food soon
Zach Gospe: Yessir!
Zach Gospe: Samv is almost done working out
Zach Gospe: I expect we'll leave around 7:15
Daniel Strizhevsky: If any Ricetophers are ricing, can you rice me a cup @everyone
Zach Gospe: I suppose we're not hiking today then?
Chris Acker: I can make you rice
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a sticker.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Pouff sent an attachment.
Samvrutha Tumuluru shared a link.
Chris Acker: Thank you buhs for taking the trash out
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yes'm
Daniel Strizhevsky: Have you noticed a missing piece of our trash can??? ( The rectangle ) . I am in search of it
Chris Acker: Oh yeah I noticed that was missing last week I think
Daniel Strizhevsky: Sad
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Any sangria?
Daniel Strizhevsky: 6.99
Samvrutha Tumuluru: How did workouts go for everyone last week. For the second time in a row I've finally done my 4 workouts!!
Chris Acker: Did my 4
Zach Gospe: I did my 4!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Uh oh @Daniel Strizhevsky looks like you are the only one
Daniel Strizhevsky: Get paid for answering short surveys. Download Google Opinion Rewards now: https://googleopinionrewards.page.link/share
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: I've done One
Daniel Strizhevsky: Quizzical what? @Chris Acker
Chris Acker: Quality
Daniel Strizhevsky: Any @ricetophers want rice today @everyone
Zach Gospe: Say my name 3 times
Chris Acker: GrokeyboiSnackyboiPiggyrojas
Zach Gospe: You've summoned me to the apartment
Zach Gospe: This I want rice
Daniel Strizhevsky: This
Daniel Strizhevsky: Very good
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Chris Acker
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Chris Acker
Zach Gospe: Would anyone be interested in any of the following this afternoon and evening. 

1. Dnd 
2. Group dinner
3. Getting shwasty
4. Jam session
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'm interested in one or more of the following
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I would be interested in a combination of 1 + 2 + 3
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Zach Gospe: @Daniel Strizhevsky which of these numbers appeal to you?
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'd say mostly 1 and 2, maybe 3
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: Not so much 4 unfortunately
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I will be available to start the festivities around 7pm probably
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I will aim to be more timely this time :)
Zach Gospe: I will be walking to the music store shortly it's about a half mile each way would anyone like to join me? It will involve buying strings and trying extremely expensive instruments
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I have just awoken and need to breakfast
Samvrutha Tumuluru: And Daniel is still asleep
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Not sure if Chris is still here
Zach Gospe: Would you want to go if I delayed for a bit?
Chris Acker: That sounds incredibly fun but my parents arrive in an hour so I should probably stay as I need to shower and pack still
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Zach Gospe: Reacted ❤ to your message 
Daniel Strizhevsky: Daniel just awoke
Daniel Strizhevsky: Hello Smackary
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Zach Gospe
Daniel Strizhevsky: When do you think you'll return from the Muzik store?
Zach Gospe: I'm walking back now through the govt area
Zach Gospe: But then I must go to pick up my tux rental shortly after and find some lunch
Daniel Strizhevsky: Okay sir. We have a question for you
Zach Gospe: Great
Daniel Strizhevsky: Would you be interested in doing an Activity with us at maybe around 3pm? After you are done with those Chores. It will be Cheap ($10-20) and Very Close By.
Zach Gospe: How long is the event/activity?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 1 hour
Zach Gospe: And what is the activity?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Stand up paddle boarding in foster city
Samvrutha Tumuluru: It would count as your workout for the day :)
Zach Gospe: Ooo woah
Zach Gospe: Under normal circumstances I might join you, but I seem to have acquired a date tonight and would like to not push timing at all if you understand
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Holy cow :O
Samvrutha Tumuluru: You will have to give us the deets
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Upon your arrival back here
Zach Gospe: Perhaps perhaps
Daniel Strizhevsky: Holy cow!
Daniel Strizhevsky: How did you acquire this???
Zach Gospe: Through the profile on Hinge my brother made for me like 4 months ago
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: Will you be wearing the tux to the date
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Zach Gospe: Noooooo that would be a red flag I'm sure
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Zach Gospe: We will just be getting dinner and ice cream downtown Palo Alto v casual
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: That sounds very pleasurable
Daniel Strizhevsky: I wish you great enjoyment, and let me know if you would like to Rehearse it beforehand
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Zach Gospe: Lol I would not like to rehearse. I'd rather be in the moment and react genuinely
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Zach Gospe: We are not on a for a second date my buhs, as expected
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Sorry to hear that my buh. I never liked her anyway.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Are the 3 of us still on for our doggie date
Daniel Strizhevsky: Alas the statistically likely outcome
Zach Gospe reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Dan and I have awoken and are getting ready for the day
Zach Gospe: You are welcome to come by for doggie time if you'd like. 320 Verano drive Los Altos
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Zach Gospe: I think my mom gets back at 2pm or 3 so I'll at least be here til then, and of course you're welcome to meet my mom too if you get here later if that doesn't scare you lol
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Zach Gospe: This is the most appropriate response
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lol how did you know I felt scared at first but then thought nothing to fear!
Zach Gospe reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'm scared
Zach Gospe: What are you feeling buhs?
Daniel Strizhevsky: we are currently getting ready
Daniel Strizhevsky: let me take a look at the Map
Zach Gospe: Cool cool!
Daniel Strizhevsky: I think in the most likely scenario, we would get to your house at around 1:20 P. M.
Daniel Strizhevsky: do you think that would be Cutting it Too Close? maybe we can still Visit for 30 mins or so
Zach Gospe: Nope I don't think that'd be cutting it too close
Daniel Strizhevsky: Unfortunately my poop has brewed once more so our new realistic estimate is 1:30 P.M.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I have to brush
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Just saying
Daniel Strizhevsky: Oh yeah same
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yeah
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah
Zach Gospe: All good all good
Samvrutha Tumuluru: But Dan is pooping
Samvrutha Tumuluru: In the brushing bathroom
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Just saying
Zach Gospe reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: We will be there in 19 mins :) hee hee
Zach Gospe: Haha great
Daniel Strizhevsky: We are In Front of your House
Zach Gospe: Slocombe is open and they have vegan options
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: holy cow
Daniel Strizhevsky: when do they close
Zach Gospe: I will ask
Zach Gospe: They closed at 8 lol but they're serving the rest of the line
Zach Gospe: I got a coconut salted Carmel vegan scoop
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: how is it
Zach Gospe: Yum
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Hello my buhs how did workouts go for everyone last week
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I completed my 4
Samvrutha Tumuluru: And am now attempting to achieve the 8 days a week achievement
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: I did 3 workouts
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Zach Gospe: I completed all workouts
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: I completed all workouts
Zach Gospe: I will be running shortly
Chris Acker: From whom?
Chris Acker: You can come to me for protection
Zach Gospe reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Zach Gospe: From Samvrutha she is scary
Zach Gospe: Reacted 👍 to your message 
Chris Acker: In that case
Chris Acker: I will run with you
Chris Acker: When exactly will we be fleeing
Zach Gospe: Perf. I was thinking like in 5 minutes does that work for you?

I have a 1pm meeting so want to get an early start
Chris Acker: Sure
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a gif.
Zach Gospe: Ahhhhhh
Chris Acker: AHHAH
Chris Acker: RUN
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ahh
Daniel Strizhevsky: If anyone is making Rice please make me A Rice
Daniel Strizhevsky: Thank
Zach Gospe: Who is going to slocombe today
Zach Gospe: For the grand opening
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'm down
Daniel Strizhevsky: Are they giving away any Gifts
Zach Gospe: Idk 🤷‍♂️
Zach Gospe: Only one way to find out
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: Adventure awaits
Zach Gospe: I will be leaving shortly because then Chris and I must go grocery and I also have a song to write today. Busy busy
Daniel Strizhevsky: Holy goodness
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok I will likely be going closer to its Closing Time of 10pm
Daniel Strizhevsky: As they say, a Slow Combe is a Good Combe
Chris Acker: @Groke would you want to go after we make dinner and everything as well?
Zach Gospe: Hrmmmm
Chris Acker: It might be better to get our chores out of the way first …
Zach Gospe: Maybe we just wait and go later then
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🥺
Zach Gospe: Sad
Chris Acker: Are you ready to leave for the grocery
Chris Acker: Groshuree
Zach Gospe: Give me 10 minutes for the Grokeree
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Chris Acker sent a sticker.
Zach Gospe: Ready whenever
Daniel Strizhevsky: Anyone ready for some Slo Combing?
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'm waiting
Daniel Strizhevsky: @everyone
Chris Acker: For what
Chris Acker: What stew you waiting did young one
Zach Gospe: Okay I'm having no luck let's go
Daniel Strizhevsky: In case anyone has Forgotten, there is Unrefrigerated Cooked Food on the stove!
Zach Gospe: I will handle good sir soon
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a sticker.
Zach Gospe: Zach sent an attachment.
Zach Gospe shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Zach Gospe: Join me on my quest
Zach Gospe: Please feel free to share song ideas and such I'm realizing I need to accumulate a lot of things worth writing about
Chris Acker: I am joined my son
Chris Acker: Very excited for this journeys
Chris Acker: Journey*
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Chris Acker
Daniel Strizhevsky: https://parking.flysfo.com/book/SFO/Parking?parkingCmd=selectProduct
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: can we restart wifi?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Pouff sent an attachment.
Samvrutha Tumuluru shared a link.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Have you arrived in Boston young smacked
Daniel Strizhevsky: Smacked
Chris Acker: @smacked did you arrive sie
Zach Gospe: I did my buhhh
Daniel Strizhevsky: https://www.vice.com/amp/en/article/pkgpng/the-most-fascinating-guest-on-the-rehearsal-who-crashed-a-scion-tc-at-100-mph-did-not-enjoy-his-time-on-the-show
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Groke you would greatly not enjoy episode 3 of The Rehearsal
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Toum did you do the Leetcode Contest last night??
Chris Acker: no sir
Daniel Strizhevsky: Unbelievable
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Did you @Daniel Strizhevsky
Daniel Strizhevsky: No
Zach Gospe: Would anyone care to pick me up from the airport this evening? My flight will arrive at 9:52 and I checked a back so probably shoot for 10:10 or 10:15 pickup
Chris Acker: Yessir
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: https://www.geoguessr.com/battle-royale/7e8297ac-c2e2-434b-9f86-4badc88eed89
Chris Acker shared a link.
Zach Gospe: Reacted ❤ to your message 
Chris Acker: https://www.geoguessr.com/team-duels/20409993-5ea0-4b6e-991d-14dfb50cee5b
Chris Acker shared a link.
Chris Acker: new lin
Zach Gospe: Flight about to leave and it's saying we're likely to be a bit earlier, potentially as early as 9:52. JetBlue 633 BOS to SFO if you want to double check before leaving
Daniel Strizhevsky: Mokay, thank you sir
Daniel Strizhevsky: You will be receiving a checked bag yes?
Chris Acker: That is what the man said, sir
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'm eggcited to pick up our boy
Zach Gospe: Oh hey I have free weefee on this flight
Zach Gospe: Please enjoy this tasteful snapshot of the wedding reception.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Very tasteful
Zach Gospe: The smack ass has landed
Chris Acker: Holy cow you are early
Chris Acker: Okay leaving now
Zach Gospe: Lol
Zach Gospe: It appears some buh is blocking out gate at the moment so we'll see how early we actually are
Daniel Strizhevsky: Good luck sir
Daniel Strizhevsky: How's the airplane going
Zach Gospe: Captain just said any minute now, so maybe another 10 on the tarmac lol
Zach Gospe: I'll let you know once I'm actually off the plane
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a sticker.
Chris Acker: We have solved
Chris Acker: Arrived
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'm pooping in YOUR Toilet @Zach Gospe
Chris Acker: Dan is poopin
Daniel Strizhevsky: Not the one at home
Daniel Strizhevsky: Your figurative toilet
Samvrutha Tumuluru: We have been told to leave
Samvrutha Tumuluru: So we must leave you both
Daniel Strizhevsky: Rip
Daniel Strizhevsky: Isn't this like the scene from Interstellar
Samvrutha Tumuluru: We have left the airport completely
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Back on the 101 now
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Goodbye
Daniel Strizhevsky: Why
Daniel Strizhevsky: Sad
Samvrutha Tumuluru: This is how it had to be
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Zach Gospe are you deplaned
Zach Gospe: I have deplaned currently
Zach Gospe: I apologize on behalf of SFO for bussing on y'all big time
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Are you at the departures
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Daniel Strizhevsky are you done poopin
Samvrutha Tumuluru: *I mean arrivals
Zach Gospe: I need to get my bag and then can be at either arrivals or departures depending on your preference
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Tell us when you have your bag
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Buh
Zach Gospe: Will do smack ass caller
Chris Acker: Also Daniel tell us when you are done pupin
Chris Acker: When you are done pupin && Zach has baggo we will retry entry
Chris Acker: Smack*
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'm done pooping
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Groke which baggage claim are you
Daniel Strizhevsky: Maybe I'll wait outside to avoid sickness
Daniel Strizhevsky: Due to no mask
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Just got back
Daniel Strizhevsky: Frick
Chris Acker: We are waitin
Zach Gospe: I am at baggage claim 3
Zach Gospe: I have located an emotional support corg for help in these trying times
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: We are just getting some food
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😤
Chris Acker: But will be ready
Zach Gospe: lol the timing on these phtotos is adding up
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Zach Gospe: Is not***
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😠
Chris Acker reacted with 😠
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😠
Chris Acker: I guess first one didn't go through
Zach Gospe: Well are you at least getting me food then?
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: I can't BELIEVE there are still no bags on your baggage claim
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: Sorry smack
Chris Acker: It's too late
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Still munching :)
Zach Gospe: Yikes
Zach Gospe: Good thing this dog is here or I'd fly into a barbarian rage
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: This thing is huge
Daniel Strizhevsky: You didn't start eating yet Christopher?
Zach Gospe: There has been a jam in the bag room
Chris Acker: I can just leave anytime and finish later
Zach Gospe: They have cordially provided with the smallest amount of information possible
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Have you tried kicking them swiftly in the buttock
Zach Gospe: Doing now
Chris Acker: Has you found the Daniel, or otherwise, been found by Him
Zach Gospe: That did it
Daniel Strizhevsky: No
Zach Gospe: Bags are coming
Daniel Strizhevsky: I don't want to be in that COVID infested wasteland
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yayayay! Ok we will wrap up here and head back shortly
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: Wrap my burrito up that is
Zach Gospe: I look forward to waiting outside for you for twenty minutes
Daniel Strizhevsky: It is only 16 mins away
Daniel Strizhevsky: No offense
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Did you ever find Daniel
Daniel Strizhevsky: No
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Should you two meet up
Chris Acker: Lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: No
Samvrutha Tumuluru: So no man is left behind
Chris Acker: 😂
Chris Acker: Lo lo lo lo
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol loo loo loo
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Poopie butthole man
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Sorry
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wrong chat
Daniel Strizhevsky: Stop it
Samvrutha Tumuluru: My bad
Zach Gospe: Bag obtained
Samvrutha Tumuluru: See you soon!
Daniel Strizhevsky: FINALLY no offense
Zach Gospe: Would you like me at arrivals or departures
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'm at arrivals
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Arrivals
Daniel Strizhevsky: But can move as well
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Arrivals
Daniel Strizhevsky: Snackary hasn't gone outside yet
Daniel Strizhevsky: Not sure what he is doing
Samvrutha Tumuluru: That's ok we are still on 101
Daniel Strizhevsky: Found him
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a video.
Daniel Strizhevsky: We are at door 2
Zach Gospe: We are 2
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a sticker.
Zach Gospe: Picking up Dan 2: the number 2 man
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Zach Gospe: That's the title of the movie
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 2 right?
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Zach Gospe: Anybody want boiled grains?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah smack me some
Daniel Strizhevsky: Are you sure it isn't steamed
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: You don't know what happens in The Cooker
Zach Gospe: Good call idk
Zach Gospe: Okay I'll slappppp some on for ya
Zach Gospe: Okay I'll slappppp some on for ya
Chris Acker: the cooker certainly boils
Chris Acker: being that the grains begin drowned in water
Chris Acker: and as such steaming would be impossible
Chris Acker: also if you make rice without the cooker you boil it
Chris Acker: and the cooker likely does the same, being that it merely automates the process
Daniel Strizhevsky: We must'nt forget to pay utilities today! I can do so after I finish a bit of work
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Chris Acker you charged Yutababa for tide and paper towels earlier this month
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Zach Gospe you charged yuta for utilities last month
Daniel Strizhevsky: That was for the month of May, he wasn't here right? But were you? I don't remember
Zach Gospe: Fixed it
Zach Gospe: It was for the month of June
Zach Gospe: Which I was here for
Daniel Strizhevsky: You paid it July 1st but I think it's for may
Daniel Strizhevsky: August 1st that I just paid was June utilities
Zach Gospe: No no no do they wait a month to charge for the utilities??
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yes sir
Daniel Strizhevsky: It says it on the thing
Daniel Strizhevsky: If you look at recent activity
Zach Gospe: Say my name
Zach Gospe: A Messenger user started a video chat.
Zach Gospe: A contact joined the video chat.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Pouff joined the video chat.
Zach Gospe: The video call ended.
Zach Gospe: You need to say our names
Zach Gospe: We jinxed each other
Zach Gospe: :(
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a sticker.
Zach Gospe: A Messenger user started a video chat.
Zach Gospe: A contact joined the video chat.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Pouff joined the video chat.
Zach Gospe: The video call ended.
Chris Acker: Pls read the chat!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Are we being butt dialed
Chris Acker: No read above message
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lol
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Fine
Chris Acker: We can't speak because we jinxed each other on accident
Chris Acker: At the same time
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Pouff started a video chat.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Pouff joined the video chat.
Chris Acker: You joined the video chat.
Zach Gospe: A contact joined the video chat.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: The video call ended.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Farty
Daniel Strizhevsky: If anyone is ricing
Daniel Strizhevsky: Can you rice me a rice
Daniel Strizhevsky: Do the boys want anything from the Russian store tonight?
Daniel Strizhevsky: No rice for me by the way
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a video.
Chris Acker: It appears I have been theived from!
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: Answer
Chris Acker: Pls get me a heaping sack of Pelmeni
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yes sir
Daniel Strizhevsky: Anything else?
Chris Acker: Umm I don't think so
Daniel Strizhevsky: Also the Pelmeni are EXTREMELY pricey so I will be charging you for them, would like to confirm you are still interested!
Chris Acker: But feel free to bring that any fun and exciting treats that you may feel inspired to bring
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Chris Acker: How expensive are they
Chris Acker: Should I just make my own
Daniel Strizhevsky: I think like $15/lb or so?
Daniel Strizhevsky: I can report back when we go
Chris Acker: Okay I'll decide in the moment then
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yessir
Daniel Strizhevsky: I know each sack if you remember them is like $20 bones
Daniel Strizhevsky: Or 15
Daniel Strizhevsky: Maybe it's more than a lb though idk
Daniel Strizhevsky: I will report
Chris Acker: How do I read “$20 bones” out loud?
Chris Acker: Do I just ignore the $ part
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yes sir the $ is silent
Daniel Strizhevsky: Like if you were to read
Daniel Strizhevsky: I found $0.25¢ cents on the ground!
Daniel Strizhevsky: Duh
Chris Acker: “I found twenty five cents out of one US dollar” is how I would say that
Chris Acker: Where “cents on the ground!” becomes silent
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👿
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a gif.
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a gif.
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a gif.
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a gif.
Chris Acker: Do you need any grains of rice boiled on your behalf?  @Daniel Strizhevsky (striz hev sky)
Daniel Strizhevsky: No
Chris Acker: Mo “k”
Chris Acker: Ty for your suggestion.  We will take it into consideration upon boiling
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a sticker.
Daniel Strizhevsky: It's $13/lb @Chris Acker
Daniel Strizhevsky: Would you like a abag?
Daniel Strizhevsky: For around $16
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Christopher your bonobo arrived in the same locker as mine
Chris Acker reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: That's kinda wild
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Note to self I only worked out 1 time last week. Need to update tracker
Chris Acker: Holy cow look at the second search result
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: It is from the slack*** himself
Samvrutha Tumuluru: :O
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Not such slack ass anymore!
Zach Gospe: Heck yeah our SEO efforts are paying off
Daniel Strizhevsky: Wow! Good work slackass
Zach Gospe: Thanks buh
Zach Gospe: Amazon says they delivered a package but I have not received a Luxor thing and there was no key in our mailbox. Do you have any ideas?
Chris Acker: I have received a Luxor
Chris Acker: Let me check and see if there is anything for you
Zach Gospe: Okey
Chris Acker: Umm, btw where are you @Daniel Strizhevsky @Samvrutha Tumuluru
Chris Acker: Oh did you already leave for Tahoe
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yeah
Chris Acker: Have fun
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yes indedy
Chris Acker: @Daniel Strizhevsky did you buy Pelmeni for you sister and forget to bring it? Lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah
Daniel Strizhevsky: Guess who worked out 4x this week
Zach Gospe: Chris?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Sorry groke accidentally video called you
Zach Gospe reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: Correct!
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👺
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Zach Gospe: Reacted ❤ to your message 
Zach Gospe: I have one more workout to do which workout should I do today?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Butt and legs
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Zach Gospe: Nooooooo
Zach Gospe: I am slackass. 

Join the rebellion. With slackass.
Chris Acker: Take up arms, you fellow comrades, and join our rebellion. Don't slack.  Except if it's with the ass himself
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Zach Gospe: Reacted ❤ to your message 
Zach Gospe: Slackass ——> Sak class
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol @Chris Acker are you using iago for your Netflix subtitles stuff
Daniel Strizhevsky: https://getiago.com/
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Oh NVM I think you use something else
Daniel Strizhevsky: But 2 of my Robinhood coworkers founded this company ^^^ that looks like nihongolist + your Netflix extension combined
Daniel Strizhevsky: Looks like nihongolist has fallen to the Christopher's Curse
Daniel Strizhevsky: Or maybe this is your chance to get acquihired
Chris Acker: I think I had already heard of iago
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: And stuff like this already exists
Daniel Strizhevsky: They just launched this week apparently
Chris Acker: It just doesn't work well for me
Daniel Strizhevsky: Doesn't this do what you want nihongolist to do
Chris Acker: Tons of apps do.  There is an app called nihongo that does vocab quizzes, dictionary, and spaced repetition lol
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: I've known that since the beginning
Daniel Strizhevsky: I guess I haven't tried their dustpans
Daniel Strizhevsky: Dictionary
Daniel Strizhevsky: Idk if it goes both ways
Chris Acker: I just want to own the service
Chris Acker: So that I can tailor it to myself completely
Chris Acker: And the idea was that whatever I come up with that makes me learn the best
Chris Acker: I could share that with others as well
Chris Acker: And as I was discussing with Zach, I want to lean hard into the spaces repetition algo
Chris Acker: Like use machine learning to tailor it to every person
Chris Acker: Maybe that would be fairly unique?
Chris Acker: But even if not, I'm still building this thing
Chris Acker: :)
Daniel Strizhevsky: Maybe you can acquihire the Iago team instead
Zach Gospe: 5:45 Grokery run anyone?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: For excercise?
Zach Gospe: For grokeries
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I don't need groceries
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Fricc
Samvrutha Tumuluru: GROKERIES
Samvrutha Tumuluru: at this time
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Or at 5:45
Chris Acker: I'm ready whenever
Zach Gospe: Lovely 5:45 is when I will go
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I dropped the salt and it broke
Samvrutha Tumuluru: We will have to use it upside down from now on
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: PSA
Chris Acker: Dropped the salt sounds like an expression lol
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: Anyone want or need rice?
Chris Acker: Speak now or be riceless
Zach Gospe: I would like rice though I haven't left the office yet
Chris Acker: What are you dinnering today
Chris Acker: Should I make something with you tonight and eat my Chana masala leftovers later?
Zach Gospe: I will need to make some food yes. Up to you whether you'd like to Chana or not!
Chris Acker: Have you left?
Zach Gospe: I will be back by 7:45
Zach Gospe: Leaving soon
Daniel Strizhevsky: I will rice if it hasn't been riced yet
Daniel Strizhevsky: Else I will not
Chris Acker: I'll rice you
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: Your PB2 powder has a weird website
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Lol that's quite a typo
Zach Gospe: Should we do something fun tonight?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: We will be unable to attend a  fun tonight
Samvrutha Tumuluru: We have made arrangements to play terraria tonight
Zach Gospe: Yike
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Though I do have time for an outdoor dinner
Chris Acker: Can Zach not play terraria
Samvrutha Tumuluru: From 6:30 to 8:20
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Strict requirements on outdoor due to trip next week
Samvrutha Tumuluru: We have already started a world with our friend Corey
Samvrutha Tumuluru: If Zach is extremely interested we could start a new world
Samvrutha Tumuluru: But we would need to confirm with Corey
Zach Gospe: I feel bussed upon but it's alright. I was hoping for something more active anyway this evening
Samvrutha Tumuluru: To make sure he isn't afraid of new friends
Samvrutha Tumuluru: You wanted to hit up the BATS As they say
Zach Gospe: Bats?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Bars around town my buh
Zach Gospe: Ah yeah, I am wearing my batman shirt
Zach Gospe: How does @Daniel Strizhevsky  @Chris Acker feel about outside dinner?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Daniel Strizhevsky feels positively
Chris Acker: I could dine outdoors
Samvrutha Tumuluru: But he also has leftovers
Samvrutha Tumuluru: So he could go either way if people are feeling a strong gluten option
Zach Gospe: Hella Mediterranean is the only acceptable place for all of us that is outdoor dining
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Please hold Dan is checking the menu
Samvrutha Tumuluru: He has confirmed
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I am also good with hella Mediterranean
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Chris Acker how do you feel about this one
Chris Acker: Post it only
Chris Acker: Positively
Zach Gospe: Great it's locked in 🔒
Zach Gospe: Please be ready to depart promptly at 6:30
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky: Let us aim for 6:25
Samvrutha Tumuluru: No
Daniel Strizhevsky: And if we only make it by 6:30 that is ok
Samvrutha Tumuluru: That is not all my stuff
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 6:30 is better
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 6:25 is too hard
Zach Gospe: If you're ricing can you rice us Dan?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok when would you like to be riced
Daniel Strizhevsky: I could rice
Zach Gospe: Anytime. We will be back in probably 30 min
Zach Gospe: Can whoever has laundry in the dryer claim said laundry before my wash is done in the next 20 minutes or so?
Zach Gospe: Your honorable servant, 

Slackass
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Chris Acker: Daniel did you skip eating yesterday
Chris Acker: Your rice is sitting here cold and flacid
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yes indeedy lemon sneedy
Daniel Strizhevsky: I shall Dickscard my Rice
Zach Gospe: Anyone working out at lunch?
Daniel Strizhevsky: No siree
Chris Acker: Are you gyming or running
Zach Gospe: Probably gumming
Zach Gospe: Humming
Zach Gospe: Gummi good
Zach Gospe: Gymming frick
Daniel Strizhevsky: @everyone any Ricetophers want rice?
Zach Gospe: Walking? 🚶‍♂️
Daniel Strizhevsky: Anyone's internet Bussing?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Can I restart it
Chris Acker: Sure
Chris Acker: Did you already restart
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yes'm
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Christopher when you get a chance can you Let Me Know so we can Unleash R5 in our room?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Simply let us know and we will heed your call!
Zach Gospe: I do indeed need glasses my buhs
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Chris Acker: Did you go to the eye doctor
Zach Gospe: Yessir
Samvrutha Tumuluru: This is sad
Samvrutha Tumuluru: But also happy
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Because you once were blind
Samvrutha Tumuluru: But presumably now you will be able to see
Chris Acker: He is probably still blind
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Chris Acker: Being that I assume he just got tested
Chris Acker: And has not gotten the glasses yet
Chris Acker: Unless they were able to craft lenses for our boi in record time
Chris Acker: But not to worry he will become sighted soon I'm sure
Zach Gospe: I did not purchase glasses there as I was instructed
Zach Gospe: I will rely on your expertises to help me select
Chris Acker: Did they give you a hard time about not buying there glasses as you feared? :)
Chris Acker: Their*
Zach Gospe: I had to specifically ask for a copy of the prescription but otherwise we were good
Daniel Strizhevsky: What's your prescription my blind bih
Daniel Strizhevsky: Buh
Daniel Strizhevsky: @everyone any Ricetophers want rice?
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'm waiting...
Daniel Strizhevsky: @ricetophers, want rice?
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Zach Gospe - look! A Furry Friend.
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a video.
Zach Gospe: Woahhh nice!!!!
Zach Gospe: Hard left swipe
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Zach Gospe: How it going over there fellas?

Also when do you come back again? And would you like me to pick you up?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: It's been pretty fun!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: We have had many adventures since leaving home! No ketchup / mustard man yet though
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Our return flight gets back at midnight on 9/5 which is pretty late for a work night
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Zach Gospe: Very nice! I hope you find ketchup mustard man soon
Zach Gospe: In that case I will not plan to retrieve you from the airport
Zach Gospe: Hey buhs I just tested positive for Covid. On the bright side I'll hopefully be all better by the time you're back
Zach Gospe: Very mild symptoms at the moment but we'll see how it goes. @Samvrutha Tumuluru @Daniel Strizhevsky when you had it I gave you a thermometer to check your temp. Do you know where you put that?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Uh oh
Daniel Strizhevsky: How did this happen!?
Daniel Strizhevsky: The thermometer may be in my desk
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: If not, it may be on one of the leftmost drawers in our bathroom
Chris Acker: I think there might be a thermometer in my cabinet as well
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: In our bathroom
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Oh no! Keep us updated on your status my buh
Zach Gospe: Reacted ❤ to your message 
Zach Gospe: I believe I either caught it from coworkers on Friday or at my cousin's wedding I went to on Saturday
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🥺
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Zach Gospe: Thank you for the thermometer locations! I will keep you posted
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: How are you feeling now @Groke
Zach Gospe: Still no fever just sore throat and fatigue. Really not that bad at the moment
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Good good good good good
Samvrutha Tumuluru: How are you feeling today sir @Zach
Daniel Strizhevsky: Agree with this question
Zach Gospe: My throat is in lots of pain, but the fever is much lower now
Samvrutha Tumuluru: That's good! Do you feel you are on the up and up now
Zach Gospe: I would say I'm slowly up and upping. More like being lifted by a few helium balloons than a rocket ship but we'll get there
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Zach Gospe: I just paid utilities by the way
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: Ty zachy boi
Daniel Strizhevsky: We are in a Little Toy Town, similar in aesthetic to thosebin New World
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ignore the second image
Daniel Strizhevsky: Only the first
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Zach Gospe when you had your ice cream Pun Bonanza did you say "Enjoy your Sunday/e" to the cashier or did you say "He'll enjoy His Sunday/e", whilst pointing at Chris?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Also, how are you feeling currently? Still on the up and up?
Zach Gospe: I said “he'll definitely enjoy his sundae” pointing at Chris and then to the ice cream
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Zach Gospe: I am doing much better today young one. Fever has been brutally vanquished, as has the sore throat. Cough and congestion are all that are left today
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: This is excellent news
Samvrutha Tumuluru: We will rejoice in the town square on your behalf
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Rebel 1 is stuck
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Please help unstick rebel 1
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I am trapped hopelessly and endlessly
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Rebel 1 is stuck
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Please help unstick rebel 1
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I am trapped hopelessly and endlessly
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Dear @Zachar
How are you? Are you doing well on this day? 

Sincerely,
Rebels (1-5 excluding 4)
Zach Gospe: I am doing well this day. I believe the Covid is over. I shall be deep cleaning the apartment to the best of my ability before you arrive
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Zach Gospe: Did you get unstuck rebel 1?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yes indeed I was successfully moved to a location where I have full access to all motion
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: This is excellent news
Samvrutha Tumuluru: We will rejoice on your behalf in the town square
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Zach Gospe: Fantastic
Samvrutha Tumuluru: One technical question sure
Samvrutha Tumuluru: *sire
Samvrutha Tumuluru: When did your symptoms start and when do you suspect you got this virus
Zach Gospe: My symptoms began last Sunday afternoon
Zach Gospe: I suspect I acquired the virus the Friday before or maybe the Thursday
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Thank you sire please wait while we crunch some numbers
Zach Gospe: That's a lot of number crunching you're doing
Chris Acker: Wait what do you mean
Chris Acker: It's only been 23 minutes
Chris Acker: There are many numbers to crunch
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: After completing a very complicated calculation requiring numerous wise people from around the globe we have gotten an answer
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Would you be willing and able to wear a mask around the house just for Tuesday to complete the 10 day contagion quarantine
Zach Gospe: Sure lol
Zach Gospe: I'm sure that took a lot of number crunching to arrive at
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Thank you sire 🙏🏽
Zach Gospe: Reacted ❤ to your message 
Daniel Strizhevsky: Where are you tristopheer
Chris Acker: In Security at Terminal 8
Chris Acker: My tsa pre wasn't applied so I have to wait in the normal security line
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok we are heading that way
Daniel Strizhevsky: Do you have a sim card tool
Chris Acker: Yeah
Zach Gospe: Have a safe flight my buhs. I shall be cleaning the apartment
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ty
Chris Acker: Ty Ty
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Ty Ty Ty
Zach Gospe: Ty Ty Ty Ty
Daniel Strizhevsky: Holy cow @Zachary how are you surviving 107° weather without using AC
Chris Acker: @Zach Gospe pls feel free to turn on ac
Zach Gospe: Do not worry the high heat is killing all of the Covid in the apartment
Zach Gospe: I'll turn it on a bit later today
Daniel Strizhevsky: Very good
Daniel Strizhevsky: May I restart the wifi
Daniel Strizhevsky: Getting 0.5mbps
Zach Gospe: You may do so
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: @everyone any Ricetophers want rice?
Zach Gospe: I will not be needing rice tonight but thank you Riceaniel
Chris Acker: I don't need any but ty
Daniel Strizhevsky: You are welcome
Zach Gospe: Hello and welcome to today's episode of Zach Addresses Current Health, or Z.A.C.H. for short. 

Day 10 after symptoms. Though my symptoms have greatly improved and the fever has been gone for 4 days, I retain slight congestion and a very mild cough. I am testing positive on the at-home antigen tests still. 

While the CDC doubts I am very contagious given these circumstances, I will continue to wear my mask and mostly isolate in my room for this evening and likely tomorrow as well.

Thank you for listening. Please address any questions about Z.A.C.H. to your local congressperson.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: Thank you Zach for today's Z.A.C.H.
Zach Gospe reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky: I hope your mild congestion and cough subside soon so you may return to being a Happy Zachary once more
Zach Gospe: Thank you for the kind words. I hope so as well. Being a Congested Zachary makes it impossible to be a Happy Zachary, as I can only have one adjective active at a time.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Chris Acker: The road unto Heaven is steep, yet fruitful.
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: As it is said
Zach Gospe: Reacted ❤ to your message 
Daniel Strizhevsky: Any Ricetophers want rice @everyone
Zach Gospe: No thank you sir
Zach Gospe: Hello and welcome to today's Zach Addresses Current Health and Recalls Yesterday, otherwise known as Z.A.C.H.A.R.Y. 

I am continuing to experience a very mild cough and have tested positive for again on the antigen test. As it is day 11, it is very unlikely that I am contagious. Yet, I will continue to mask and remain mostly isolated today. 

I will plan to isolate again tomorrow, but will likely leave my bubble on Friday unless anyone feels uncomfortable with that.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: No ty
Daniel Strizhevsky: I am very comfortable with this sir
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: Hello all,
I have developed a mild fever today but it might be getting worse 🥺.  I'll take quarantining precautions, and I advise you to wear masks
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Uh oh
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Do you need a covid test?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Also let us know if you need us to pick up food or medicine for you from the store!
Chris Acker: I have two with me
Daniel Strizhevsky: Holy cow
Chris Acker: Should I take one now or wait a bit
Daniel Strizhevsky: Had the Zacharias spread
Zach Gospe: Oh no sir please let us know the result of your Covid test. I am very sorry to hear of this development
Chris Acker: Not sure if it's Zach's or not
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Could also be from the flight
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Considering we were around a lot of people
Samvrutha Tumuluru: And Zach has been hardly seen for the past few days
Chris Acker: Yeah we had two long flights back, and navigated 3 airports
Chris Acker: So could be either I guess
Zach Gospe: It has only been two days since you got back so it seems pretty quick for it to be from me. But certainly possible since we share that bathroom
Chris Acker reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Chris Acker: Yeah it would be a bit quick
Daniel Strizhevsky: Were you near any Sketchy People last flight?
Chris Acker: Lol I don't think so
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I thought I heard a child or two cough on our flight
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Children are vectors of disease
Zach Gospe reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: Yeah I heard that as well
Samvrutha Tumuluru: -samvrutha 2022
Chris Acker: We did wear masks on that flight but
Chris Acker: Maybe wasn't enough
Chris Acker: If no one minds I might turn the thermostat down a bit to help with fever
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a sticker.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yes do what you need to get better
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Dan and I will periodically be opening our room door to let in fresh air.I'd recommend you guys do the same not sure how air circulates in the apartment
Chris Acker reacted with 👍
Zach Gospe reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Though I guess technically Zach is safe?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Door to the outside*
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Unless Chris has a European strain or pulls a samvrutha and has the flu instead
Chris Acker reacted with 😮
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yes outside door or window lol
Zach Gospe: I am not going to assume I'm safe
Chris Acker reacted with 👍
Zach Gospe: I may go to my parents actually so Chris you can have your own bathroom
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Chris Acker: That might be a good idea
Chris Acker: Thanks buh
Daniel Strizhevsky: I've learned my lesson from assuming I'm safe last time
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Christopher do you have any high quality n95/kn95 masks
Daniel Strizhevsky: We can get some to you if not
Daniel Strizhevsky: Do we still have Wipey Boys?
Daniel Strizhevsky: We can get some of those as well if not
Daniel Strizhevsky: Samvrutha and I can go on an after-work cvs run for any Needs
Zach Gospe: Also I highly recommend NyQuil at night and ibuprofen or Tylenol every six hours (except when taking NyQuil)
Zach Gospe: Do not be fooled by the fever being mild at first if this is Covid. Medicate early and don't fall into my mistakes lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: We have a bottle of Mucinex and half a bottle of butter
Daniel Strizhevsky: NyQuil
Daniel Strizhevsky: And some Emergen-C packets
Chris Acker: I have kn95s
Chris Acker: Zach has put wipeys in our bathroom
Daniel Strizhevsky: I will bring these medications to your door
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: One minute
Chris Acker: Thanks but no mucous or anything yet
Chris Acker: Just the fever
Daniel Strizhevsky: You will Need them
Daniel Strizhevsky: For later
Chris Acker: But maybe those symptoms will come
Zach Gospe: Cocker Daniel and samvrutha are you feeling good still?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: There is a lot to unpack here at a later date lol
Zach Gospe reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok the coast has been Cleared
Daniel Strizhevsky: Items will be on your right upon exiting the door
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yes
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yeah
Chris Acker: Ty ty
Samvrutha Tumuluru: My doctor said you can also alternate between Tylenol and Advil because one is processed by kidney and one by your liver
Samvrutha Tumuluru: When I had a fever I was close to the Tylenol daily limit so knowing that would have helped greatly
Zach Gospe: Drink many liquids as well @Chris Acker
Samvrutha Tumuluru: How are you feeling @Christopher
Chris Acker: Much better now.  But that might just be the ibuprofen I took 3 hrs ago
Chris Acker: Currently I am at 98.6 degrees F
Daniel Strizhevsky: Very good, a respectful temperature
Chris Acker: I have tested positive with the covid
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Samvrutha Tumuluru: It comes for us all in the end
Chris Acker: I guess so
Chris Acker: This is my first covid
Zach Gospe: Snap I am sorry to hear that sir
Chris Acker: Well better than having anything else I guess
Zach Gospe: I hope it was not I that gave it to you but we shall never know for sure
Chris Acker: I'm doubled vaccinated against this one at least
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Zach Gospe: Reacted ❤ to your message 
Samvrutha Tumuluru: At least we are back at home
Chris Acker: Yeah the trip went surprisingly smoothly
Chris Acker: Other than the Sarin incident
Samvrutha Tumuluru: How are you doing today Christopher
Chris Acker: Pretty good
Daniel Strizhevsky: Very good
Chris Acker: I assume you guys are still feeling good?
Daniel Strizhevsky: So far yeah
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yup!
Zach Gospe: Toum any other symptoms going on beyond that fever?
Chris Acker: My throat is a bit scratchy now but otherwise it's just the fever.
Chris Acker: Although the ibuprofen seems to be taking care of the fever as I'm currently at 98.4
Chris Acker: How is your cough grokey
Zach Gospe: Okay sounds really similar to my experience so far.
Zach Gospe: My cough is gone now, though my voice is still like down half an octave and I've got a bit of lingering congestion
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Zach Gospe: Honestly not too mad about the deeper voice :D
Chris Acker reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: Would you like some Gator Ade Christopher? I am putting in a Doordash
Daniel Strizhevsky: Hope you like Blue flavor
Chris Acker: Lol
Chris Acker: No Gatorade needed thanks
Daniel Strizhevsky: Why
Daniel Strizhevsky: The electrolytes will replenish you
Chris Acker: Lol ok
Chris Acker: Where are you ordering from
Daniel Strizhevsky: Doordash Dash Mart
Chris Acker reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: Didn't you just get groceries?
Daniel Strizhevsky: It is 75% off so it would be thievery to Not get more
Chris Acker: 75??
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yes'm
Zach Gospe: May someone be able to pick up a package for me at some point from luxer. You can deposit it in my room 

Your package is ready to be picked up. Access code: 992683 Locker Location: Behind leasing gallery.    https://luxer.one/d-bf64cb50f8e
Zach Gospe shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Recursively
Daniel Strizhevsky: Placed in your room @Zach Gospe 

And @Christopher, you may now find multiple Gatorades to the right of your door near the Emergen-C, NyQuil, and Mucinex!
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: Please enjoy them to the best of your ability!
Chris Acker: What a hero and a man our Daniel is!
Chris Acker: Thank you young Daniel
Zach Gospe: Young Danathy is an inspiration.
Daniel Strizhevsky: I aspire to inspire
Chris Acker: ⚠️Alert⚠️ 

I will be outside of my room for a sec to do some laundry (my bedsheets have gotten rather sweat-infused due to the fever). I will wash hands before usage, and wipe down all surfaces after usage.
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky: Thank you sir
Samvrutha Tumuluru: How are you feeling today
Daniel Strizhevsky: How are you feeling today little Christopher
Chris Acker: Hello
Chris Acker: My fever is nearly gone but my throat is sore
Chris Acker: Thank you for your inquiry
Zach Gospe: I am sorry to hear this. That sore throat is a rough one
Daniel Strizhevsky: Indubitably
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a video.
Zach Gospe: Woah you found my workplace
Daniel Strizhevsky: Going to briefly restart the router
Daniel Strizhevsky: Due to poor performance
Chris Acker: Ok
Zach Gospe: Hello friends we should reschedule the lord of the rings marathon which was to be next weekend, due to circumstances. 

If everyone would be available for the 24th of September we can do it on that day. 

Once we select a day I will begin inviting a variety of people so we can have a proper shindig.
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Samvrutha Tumuluru: The 24th may not be ideal Dan has a coding competition during the day and in the evening I am planning on treating him to a (late) birthday dinner
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: And depending on the location of the dinner we may be out of town
Samvrutha Tumuluru: However the following weekend is wide open!
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Zach Gospe: Okay no problem! October 1st it is then :)
Chris Acker reacted with 👍
Chris Acker: @Daniel Strizhevsky @Samvrutha Tumuluru I have someone interested in buying Yuta's small white fan for $20.  I can't meet him while I'm sick tho.  If they come here would you meet them downstairs and complete the transaction
Daniel Strizhevsky: Sure when/what payment type
Chris Acker: I haven't even responded yet
Chris Acker: I mean I haven't responded to them
Chris Acker: Cuz if you said no I was just going to say no to them
Daniel Strizhevsky: Understandable
Daniel Strizhevsky: It's in the box in the hallway right
Daniel Strizhevsky: I think I saw it
Chris Acker: What time works for you
Chris Acker: Yeah
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'm free all day today
Chris Acker: Ok
Chris Acker: Daniel can you please take a picture of the actual fan inside the case
Chris Acker: Or like take it out and take a photo
Chris Acker: I can do it as well but you might not want my germs on it
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yes'm
Daniel Strizhevsky: How are These
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Should be good thanks
Daniel Strizhevsky: Please be welcomed
Chris Acker: @Daniel Strizhevsky I scheduled the pickup for 5 pm in front of in n out
Chris Acker: He says cash or venmo is okay
Daniel Strizhevsky: Mokay
Daniel Strizhevsky: And it is 20 bones?
Chris Acker: Yeah
Daniel Strizhevsky: What does He look like so I know who to expect
Daniel Strizhevsky: And is he expecting a Chris or a Daniel
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: This is his profile
Chris Acker: Which is a bit sketchy lol
Chris Acker: Especially as mj hall is a company
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Should I ask for more identity info or something?
Chris Acker: Also it is weird we are selling this to him for 20 when you can get it on Amazon for 16 lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol interesting
Chris Acker: Do you still want to do it, do you want me to cancel, or do you want me to request more information?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Meh let's just go with it, I'll have @Samvrutha come with me for protection
Chris Acker: Lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: Worst case he steals the fan
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol
Chris Acker: In n out has a long carpool lane so you'll have a lot of people watching :)
Chris Acker: I'll watch from the windows
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: And yeah even if we lose the fan no big deal
Daniel Strizhevsky: Be sure to use your binoculars
Chris Acker: Lol ok
Daniel Strizhevsky: You don't have line of sight though
Chris Acker: If you stand far enough out I do
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Kind of
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol not bad
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ill ask him to meet me on the median of Veterans
Daniel Strizhevsky: Oh maybe do you wanna confirm the $20 price? He never said it
Daniel Strizhevsky: Maybe he plans on haggling
Daniel Strizhevsky: On site
Chris Acker: Hmm yeah but then if we ask him me might think it's negotiable and haggle
Chris Acker: It says 20 on the listing
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah but probably better now then when he gets here and complains about having to drive and such and wants it for like $4 lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: Up to you idk the strat
Daniel Strizhevsky: Maybe like a
Daniel Strizhevsky: "just to confirm - meeting in front of the in n out at <address> at 5pm for the fan for $20, right?"
Daniel Strizhevsky: Farty boy
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Chris Acker did you get confirmation from Our Boy?
Chris Acker: I didn't ask about price
Chris Acker: I don't think there's anyway that could be a mistake
Daniel Strizhevsky: Is he still coming here at 5?
Chris Acker: They said they'd be driving a green keep
Chris Acker: Jeep
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok
Chris Acker: How would you like them to identify you
Daniel Strizhevsky: Humm
Daniel Strizhevsky: We will be Two People, standing with a Fan in a Box
Daniel Strizhevsky: What is our game plan for if he offers less? I say we accept 10 or above if needed as opposed to saying no
Chris Acker: I'm okay with that
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Chris Acker: Are you going down
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah ill go in 2 mins
Daniel Strizhevsky: Did they update
Daniel Strizhevsky: On where they are
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: I think still driving
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a sticker.
Chris Acker: He has arrived
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a sticker.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok going
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a sticker.
Chris Acker: Is everything alright
Daniel Strizhevsky: Done
Chris Acker: Really?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Indubitably
Daniel Strizhevsky: Was very easy
Chris Acker: Was it really the company Mj hall?
Daniel Strizhevsky: It was a human unfortunately
Daniel Strizhevsky: Just a very normal skinny white guy in sunglasses
Chris Acker: That's unfortunate
Daniel Strizhevsky: Very suchly
Daniel Strizhevsky: He even asked how our Mondays were going
Chris Acker: Did he look displeased about the fan
Chris Acker: Did he give it a look that said “wait haven't I seen this on Amazon for $17 dollars”
Daniel Strizhevsky: Unfortunately he did not say that
Daniel Strizhevsky: To be fair I think the Amazon one is +$5 shipping
Chris Acker: To be fair it's usually 19.99
Daniel Strizhevsky: But on target it is 17 with no shipping
Daniel Strizhevsky: Cost
Chris Acker: Oh I have prime so
Chris Acker: Do you think we made yutababa money on this lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: I think it doesn't have prime free shipping
Chris Acker: Yeah it does
Daniel Strizhevsky: Oh yeah it does
Daniel Strizhevsky: Well maybe he wanted it in white
Daniel Strizhevsky: And didn't want to drive the extra 1 mile to target
Chris Acker: Lol
Chris Acker: I only put it up for that price so that I could drop it to $15
Chris Acker: It's what's known as the samvrutha trick
Chris Acker: But he requested it at that price before I could drop it
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: Holy cow
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Once everyone is done being sick we should try this place: Shizen
(415) 678-5767
https://maps.app.goo.gl/Yy3yMmMLNMJteEkz9?g_st=ic
Samvrutha Tumuluru shared a link.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Vegan sushi! Highly rated and recommended by Jeffrey a known foodie
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: shizen, meaning nature in Japanese
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: Sorry that was automatic
Chris Acker: Yeah I'd be down to try that
Zach Gospe: Lovely
Chris Acker: The words vegan sushi are a bit against my ethos, but giving something an honest try is not.
Chris Acker: @Daniel Strizhevsky Don't forget to do the daily leetcode today
Chris Acker: just a reminder
Daniel Strizhevsky: Oh frick I've forgotten to do it
Daniel Strizhevsky: How are you feeling today @Christopher
Chris Acker sent a gif.
Chris Acker: I'm feeling recovered except for my throat, which still hurts
Daniel Strizhevsky: Very good
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Zach Gospe dropping this in here for later

https://www.laurelstreetarts.com/about-contact
Samvrutha Tumuluru shared a link.
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Also I RSVPd for the free encore brunch thing
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I recommend others do as well!
Daniel Strizhevsky: https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.nytimes.com/2022/09/14/climate/patagonia-climate-philanthropy-chouinard.amp.html
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Zach Gospe reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: @Groke how are you feeling
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Groke @Toum how are you feeling
Zach Gospe: Oh I'm all better my guys. Doing great
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: I have a light occasional cough but otherwise I'm back to normal
Zach Gospe: What day is this for you?
Chris Acker: 7
Zach Gospe: Cool cool very good
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Zachary will you be returning in a few days when @Christopher is released from his fleshy prison?
Zach Gospe: Yessir probably sometime next week I will return
Daniel Strizhevsky: Very good
Chris Acker: @Daniel Strizhevsky @Samvrutha Tumuluru can one of you bring a trash bag to my room?  I've accumulated a lot of junk during my quarantine
Daniel Strizhevsky: have you received the trash bag?
Chris Acker: Yes
Daniel Strizhevsky: gioofd
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Would anyone care to claim this sock
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Daniel Strizhevsky
Chris Acker: Is that a question or an answer
Daniel Strizhevsky: It is likely my sock
Daniel Strizhevsky: Very likely
Daniel Strizhevsky: A little too likely to be honest
Chris Acker: Ok
Daniel Strizhevsky: Any Ricetophers want rice today?
Chris Acker: No thx
Daniel Strizhevsky: under-stood
Zach Gospe: @toum how are you today? I would like to return sometime this week
Chris Acker: I've been 💯 for the last several days
Zach Gospe: Have you tested negative yet?
Chris Acker: I thought the tests could test positive for like a month even though you are not contagious
Chris Acker: So I wasn't testing
Chris Acker: Are you testing negative now?
Zach Gospe: Yeah a positive test doesn't necessarily mean you're contagious, but a negative test means you definitely aren't.
Zach Gospe: I am testing negative now
Zach Gospe: From what I read, there is a chance you're still contagious from day 10-14 if you are testing positive still. After day 14 if you test positive it's like a fraction of a percent chance you can spread it still
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: Negative
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a sticker.
Zach Gospe: Double decker bussin my boy
Zach Gospe: Perhaps I shall return this evening then :)
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Chris Acker sent a gif.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🙃
Zach Gospe: I've got a bunch of laundry to do tonight so I may return late this evening or perhaps tomorrow after work
Daniel Strizhevsky: farty boy
Daniel Strizhevsky: what time tonight? should I launder mine first then
Zach Gospe: I am doing the laundry at my parents house
Zach Gospe: Which is why I may be late tonight or end up coming tomorrow instead
Chris Acker: Lololol Daniel you totally read that wrong you LOSER
Chris Acker: WHY WOULD HE RETURN LATE AT NIGHT OR TOMORROW MORNING TO DO LAUNDRY IF HE WAS DOING IT AT OUR PALCE, in THAT CASE WOULDNT HE NEED TO COME ESRLIER YOU BUNNINGTON BOI
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😶‍🌫️
Zach Gospe: I LIKE TO TALK IN ALL CAPS TOO
Daniel Strizhevsky: Oh understandable
Daniel Strizhevsky: I thought maybe our laundry machine is better or something
Daniel Strizhevsky: How are you going to move clothes between houses
Chris Acker: THATS SOME LOWERCASE THINKING MY LAD
Daniel Strizhevsky: Actually I think I thought
Daniel Strizhevsky: Your clothes are here
Daniel Strizhevsky: And unwashed
Daniel Strizhevsky: Thus you'd launder them here
Chris Acker: YOUVE GOT TO GET ON OUR LEVEL, here with THE BIG KIDS
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🧠
Zach Gospe: Lol this is a great conversation
Zach Gospe: I took a suitcase when I evacuated my room, so I will be returning that suitcase when I return my body to my room
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: You sent a link.
Chris Acker shared a link.
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Why is it so White out there
Chris Acker: Apple lets you drag and drop things in the foreground from your images
Chris Acker: But I guess messenger doesn't support the sticker like iMessage
Chris Acker: So it just colors the background white
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Zach Gospe: The One Party to Rule Them All
(Keep it secret, keep it safe)

Dearest friend,

You are cordially invited to a long-awaited party: a Lord of the Rings extended edition marathon from noon to midnight on Saturday, October 8th. Themed cocktails will be provided at key moments and all other moments as well. Feel free to arrive with a fellowship of your choosing (invite whoever you want).

Like a wizard, please arrive precisely when you mean to (read: feel free to pop in whenever!). Actually watching the movies is not required, there will be plenty else to do, including mingling, drinking, games, and general party shenanigans.

Location: 855 Veterans Blvd, Redwood City, CA 94063, USA. Apartment 502 (and the roof). Step inside and be the farthest from the shire you've ever been, Mr. Frodo. 

What to expect:
* The Lord of the Rings extended edition for extended fun
* 12 hours of Orc ASMR
* (Lord of the) Ring pops
* Magnificent views of the beautiful Redwood City skyline to rival Rivendell
* Chris and Zach drinking every time Frodo looks like he's about to cry

What not to expect:
* Campfire songs with Ed Sheeran
* Dumbledore (that'll be the next party)
* Samvrutha and Dan actually watching Lord of the Rings
* Zach and Chris actually not watching Lord or the Rings
* Cats (no one is bringing a cat)
* Loans
* Someone stealing your sweet roll
Zach Gospe: The One Party to Rule Them All
(Keep it secret, keep it safe)

Dearest friend,

You are cordially invited to a long-awaited party: a Lord of the Rings extended edition marathon from noon to midnight on Saturday, October 8th. Themed cocktails will be provided at key moments and all other moments as well. Feel free to arrive with a fellowship of your choosing (invite whoever you want).

Like a wizard, please arrive precisely when you mean to (read: feel free to pop in whenever!). Actually watching the movies is not required, there will be plenty else to do, including mingling, drinking, games, and general party shenanigans.

Location: 855 Veterans Blvd, Redwood City, CA 94063, USA. Apartment 502 (and the roof). Step inside and be the farthest from the shire you've ever been, Mr. Frodo. 

What to expect:
* The Lord of the Rings extended edition for extended fun
* 12 hours of Orc ASMR
* (Lord of the) Ring pops
* Magnificent views of the beautiful Redwood City skyline to rival Rivendell
* Chris and Zach drinking every time Frodo looks like he's about to cry

What not to expect:
* Campfire songs with Ed Sheeran
* Dumbledore (that'll be the next party)
* Samvrutha and Dan actually watching Lord of the Rings
* Zach and Chris actually not watching Lord or the Rings
* Cats (no one is bringing a cat)
* Loans
* Someone stealing your sweet roll
* Daniel mistaking Sam for Ed Sheeran
Zach Gospe: The One Party to Rule Them All
(Keep it secret, keep it safe)

Dearest friend,

You are cordially invited to a long-awaited party: a Lord of the Rings extended edition marathon from noon to midnight on Saturday, October 8th. Themed cocktails will be provided at key moments and all other moments as well. Feel free to arrive with a fellowship of your choosing (invite whoever you want).

Like a wizard, please arrive precisely when you mean to (read: feel free to pop in whenever!). Actually watching the movies is not required, there will be plenty else to do, including mingling, drinking, games, and general party shenanigans.

Location: 855 Veterans Blvd, Redwood City, CA 94063, USA. Apartment 502 (and the roof). Step inside and be the farthest from the shire you've ever been, Mr. Frodo. 

What to expect:
* The Lord of the Rings extended edition for extended fun
* 12 hours of Orc ASMR
* (Lord of the) Ring pops
* Magnificent views of the beautiful Redwood City skyline to rival Rivendell
* Chris and Zach drinking every time Frodo looks like he's about to cry

What not to expect:
* Campfire songs with Ed Sheeran
* Dumbledore (that'll be the next party)
* Samvrutha and Dan actually watching Lord of the Rings
* Zach and Chris actually not watching Lord of the Rings
* Cats (no one is bringing a cat)
* Loans
* Someone stealing your sweet roll
* Daniel mistaking Sam for Ed Sheeran
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: As for the 5th to last asterisk, imma try to watch as much as possible!  I dont even know if I've seen them all through…
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Pouff sent an attachment.
Samvrutha Tumuluru shared a link.
Zach Gospe reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Power drills at the library wasn't completely outlandish
Chris Acker: Lol
Chris Acker: Hey we all believed you
Zach Gospe: Hello is anyone else drowning in their own sweat from the heat today?
Daniel Strizhevsky: No sir but you can lower the temp if needed
Zach Gospe: I will then
Chris Acker: What are we doing for dindin
Zach Gospe: Do you want to whip up something with me v soon?
Zach Gospe: I am getting on a call at 7ish so must act fast
Daniel Strizhevsky: you must act quickly
Chris Acker: I was thinking of going out
Chris Acker: That's fine I'll just get chipotle
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Zach Gospe: Reacted ❤ to your message 
Zach Gospe: Sounds good
Chris Acker: Tell me when your call ends you succulent znach
Zach Gospe: Oh it will be a while it is a friend call involving watching a show together
Zach Gospe: The Jesse Sarah etc group
Zach Gospe: I have completed my call, Christophocles
Chris Acker: Excellent!
Chris Acker: What would you like to do
Zach Gospe: First take out the trash 🗑
Chris Acker: Nice!
Zach Gospe: Subsequently the world is our oyster
Samvrutha Tumuluru: https://facebook.com/events/s/lord-of-the-rings-party/806401040614161/
Samvrutha Tumuluru shared a link.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Pouff added Zach Gospe to the group.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Hello
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Can you see this
Chris Acker: Yes
Zach Gospe: Yesssss
Zach Gospe: We back bois
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Chris Acker sent a gif.
Zach Gospe: Also we have 2 people confirmed on FB for the party but in reality we're already at like 10 or so
Samvrutha Tumuluru: :O
Chris Acker: Why are we already at 10 in reality
Zach Gospe: Because people have confirmed with me outside of FB, and the two who signed up on FB will bring others
Chris Acker: Ok
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 3 people in that wine group have seen the message 0 have responded at all
Zach Gospe: I bet they are checking their calendar still
Samvrutha Tumuluru: This is bad
Samvrutha Tumuluru: This is really bad
Chris Acker: lol lol lol
Zach Gospe: Or maybe they are setting up a separate group chat with all of them to check if anyone else is going. And then they'll agree it's all worth it and decide to sign up all at once in like 2 days
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Zach Gospe: And then they'll hit you up and say “Samvrutha you're the best we're going to your party!”
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Doubtful but we will see
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I've tried my best!
Chris Acker: Who is Thomas Rasmussen
Zach Gospe: Thomas is both someone I play DnD with and my ex's husband lol
Zach Gospe: Weird situation, but great guy
Chris Acker: Does he work for capital one or something
Chris Acker: I have three mutual friends with him
Chris Acker: One from Vanderbilt and two from capital one
Zach Gospe: Maybe? I know he doesn't work there now though. I think he used to live in Virginia roughly where you used to live so maybe that's why.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Another slightly less gimmicky idea
Daniel Strizhevsky: Not sure how yet but a movie that makes it so the traditionally scary locations/scenes are safe and happy but the bright and friendly scenes are scary
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: We have decided on lunch
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Broadway Masala
Samvrutha Tumuluru: We will pick you guys up
Samvrutha Tumuluru: On the way
Chris Acker: Ok
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Pouff started a call.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Pouff joined the call.
Chris Acker: You joined the call.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: The call ended.
Chris Acker: We are here
Chris Acker: Where you at
Daniel Strizhevsky: Almost there
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Lol what the
Chris Acker: Where are you boys going
Zach Gospe: Christophe did you want to play a lil more RL?
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Christababa I see you got a 7th follower last night! Who is it?
Chris Acker: Idk
Chris Acker: One dude showed up in chat
Chris Acker: Maybe he followed
Daniel Strizhevsky: Amazing!
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: He also raided me
Chris Acker: But that raid only included himself lolol
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I love twitch so much I'm planning on becoming a professional raider
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Good Tumuluru
Chris Acker: Rrader
Daniel Strizhevsky: @everyone any Ricetophers want rice?
Chris Acker: Yeah sure
Daniel Strizhevsky: And @Groketopher?
Chris Acker: Is that me?
Chris Acker: Yeah sure
Daniel Strizhevsky: No
Zach Gospe: No rice for me
Daniel Strizhevsky: How many rices @Chris Roger
Chris Acker: Can I do a full ride
Chris Acker: Rice
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yes sir
Chris Acker: Ride
Chris Acker: Thx
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: Is freddy outside la Fonda rn or did I find his doppelgänger lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: Classic freddir
Daniel Strizhevsky: i am in meeting as well now @Zach Gospe
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Groke
Daniel Strizhevsky: so let me know when you are done and I will let you know when I am
Daniel Strizhevsky: so we may return
Zach Gospe: I am done but likely to jump on another shortly when my coworker gets out of another meeting so please hold
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'm now at 0.15 mbps
Daniel Strizhevsky: From 40 Mbps!
Daniel Strizhevsky: Exciting!
Zach Gospe: Yikes
Daniel Strizhevsky: Any Ricetophers want rice?
@everyone
Zach Gospe: Yas Chris and I will need rice
Daniel Strizhevsky: How Much
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'm waiting...
Chris Acker: 1 cup for both of us
Chris Acker: As in half each
Daniel Strizhevsky: Understood
Daniel Strizhevsky: https://www.twitch.tv/anono_moose be sure to support our friend @Samvrutha Tumuluru in her Slither.io stream!!!
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: test
Daniel Strizhevsky: uh oh
Daniel Strizhevsky: poopy
Daniel Strizhevsky: https://www.twitch.tv/anono_moose @Zach Gospe @Zach Gospe @Zach Gospe @Chris Acker
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: please show your support and follow!!!
Daniel Strizhevsky: and turn on the notification bell!
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Chris Acker don't forget to tune in
Zach Gospe: We must get costumes for the party. There have been some requests and people would feel more comfortable if we had at least a little costume on
Zach Gospe: They could be small such as elf ears or a wizard hat
Chris Acker: We can go to the holiween store tomorrow
Zach Gospe reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I will be respectfully declining to dress up but will support others fully in the dressing
Zach Gospe: What if we get you a very smol thing to wear?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I'd consider it under these conditions:
1) It's small enough I wouldn't feel bad about throwing it out
2) it's not made of plastic so I don't feel bad about throwing it out
Samvrutha Tumuluru: For example I would be ok with a paper hat
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Or paper wand
Zach Gospe: Deal. What if it's something that you don't throw out because I could keep it after
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yeah if it is something you would be interested in keeping and thus it doesn't get thrown out at all then I would also be ok with that
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Anyone else having internet troubles?
Chris Acker: Yea
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Should I restart
Chris Acker: I'm gonna go to work now anyway
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Dan and I are unable to connect at all
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Is Zachary in meeting
Zach Gospe: I am at Office
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: Mee thing yime
Daniel Strizhevsky: @everyone any Ricetophers want rice?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Has anyone done a little trolling / seen any socks lying around that aren't theirs? I seem to be missing ~50% of my socks but I am not sure when I last saw them
Chris Acker: What hallened to you guys
Chris Acker: I thought you were supposed to be in Nashville or something
Daniel Strizhevsky: You may be misremembering, I know of no such thing
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Why would we be sitting at home right now if this were the case
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Remember?  You were packing and everything
Daniel Strizhevsky: When
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: We are just off to a nice workday breakfast now tbh
Zach Gospe: Cool see you at lunch when you're still here
Chris Acker: See you guys at lunch
Chris Acker: I have a fun surprise for everyone at lunch 😉
Chris Acker: You could say that I splurged a bit
Zach Gospe: Ooo I'm excited
Zach Gospe: Gonna be bussin
Daniel Strizhevsky: We must'nt forget to pay utilities today! Heehee!
Daniel Strizhevsky: Also can someone pick up a 705539 from the luxer for me
Zach Gospe: Who would like to do Utils this time? I did it last month
Zach Gospe: Yes cocker Daniel later today
Daniel Strizhevsky: Thank you for doing the utilities Christopher
Chris Acker: Thank you sir
Daniel Strizhevsky sent an audio file.
Daniel Strizhevsky: It's cash in cash out
Daniel Strizhevsky: May someone please 705539 a luxer for me? Thank you in advance sir(s)
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Did I get a package btw
Samvrutha Tumuluru: At the house
Zach Gospe: Dan your Luxer has been acquired
Daniel Strizhevsky: Thank you
Zach Gospe: Hello friends I seem to have picked up a very mild cold and will be spending my time mostly in my room while it dissipates. 

Will be taking a Covid test shortly just to be safe
Chris Acker reacted with 😮
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Oh no hope you feel better!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: We have medicine in our bathroom leftmost drawer
Samvrutha Tumuluru: If you need anything
Zach Gospe: Thank you kindly
Chris Acker: Uh oh, hopefully you will be better before this Saturday!
Zach Gospe: Negative for Covid, so I think this is just a normal run of the mill cold. Hopefully will pass in a day or two
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: Good luck sir!
Chris Acker: @Samvrutha Tumuluru my dad wants to ask you a question
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Already in use in Phoenix gottem
Chris Acker: That's what I told him
Chris Acker: But I guess he means on a large scale
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🧙‍♀️
Chris Acker: Like City to city transit/delivery and whatnot
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Not sure tbh
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Zach Gospe did you just make a loud noise in the kitchen
Daniel Strizhevsky: Cocker Daniel aka Zeush set the nickname for a participant to fake zach.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Cocker Daniel aka Zeush set the nickname for Zach Gospe to Groke.
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: What happened here lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: A liddle bid of budder goes a long way as they say
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'll give it a clean once I buy some paper towels later this evening
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Do you mean paper towels like this?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Holy cow
Daniel Strizhevsky: Where did that come from
Chris Acker: From beyond
Zach Gospe: No sure
Zach Gospe: Sir
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: Going to make rice at 6:03pm ish. Any Ricetophers want any? @everyone
Daniel Strizhevsky: Waiting on a response...
Daniel Strizhevsky: Should we do this to mix with rum
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Or would that not go
Chris Acker: Hey that could work
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok I'll get one
Zach Gospe: Chris I didn't receive your text
Chris Acker: Okay I'll have to look into this one
Zach Gospe: Ok lovely
Zach Gospe: Also the dinner is super good today very impresssed
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: Dinner has been served
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Groke did you just make a loud noise in the kitchen?
Chris Acker: Why does this keep happening??
Chris Acker: What does the noise sound like
Daniel Strizhevsky: It sounds like Zach making a loud "beep" sort of noise
Daniel Strizhevsky: Like a spring maybe
Daniel Strizhevsky: Maybe a "brrrrring"
Daniel Strizhevsky: Mixed with "eep!"
Samvrutha Tumuluru: He is doing a bit of trolling I know it
Zach Gospe: No I have not been in kitchen
Zach Gospe: In other kitchen news is there leftover curry that I may eat for lunch @Chris Acker
Samvrutha Tumuluru: It's not the kitdehen
Samvrutha Tumuluru: It's the general out there area
Zach Gospe: I have not been anywhere but my room
Zach Gospe: And the bathroom
Zach Gospe: I have located leftovers and will be consuming half @Chris Acker
Chris Acker reacted with 👍
Chris Acker: Are you sure the sound isn't like a “crrrrrr! crrrrr!”
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👎
Chris Acker: Because I actually know what that might be
Chris Acker: It's a monkey
Daniel Strizhevsky: If @everyone any Ricetophers want rice today, can I be made a cup?
Chris Acker: Ya
Chris Acker: Actually @Zach Gospe what are your dinner plans
Chris Acker: Are you well enough to cook today
Zach Gospe: Not yet well enough to cook out in the open today
Zach Gospe: Shall I plan to order food @Chris Acker
Daniel Strizhevsky: Wah wah wah
Daniel Strizhevsky: @everyone any rice today?
Daniel Strizhevsky: I am about to make some
Zach Gospe: I will probably pass on rice and order something
Daniel Strizhevsky: Understood
Daniel Strizhevsky: And @Christopher?
Zach Gospe: Chris what was your time on track 1
Chris Acker: 18.185
Zach Gospe: Frick that's good
Zach Gospe: Did you save the replay?
Zach Gospe: I am at 18.4
Zach Gospe: Hello folks quick health checkin. 

I still have a bit of a sore throat and a cough, but in terms of energy levels and such I feel basically normal. My plan for today is to finish up work and then sleep as much as possible to make sure I'm okay for the party tomorrow.
Zach Gospe: Are you all okay to pitch in for some of the remaining party prep? Such as cleaning the apartment, acquiring snacks and remaining ingredients for drinks, and double checking we can play the extended edition movies?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Samvrutha and I have acquired some Snacks. I'm assuming we'll order pizza or something of the Ilk during the party as well?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yes the snacks are covered we bought sweet and salty snacks at Joes
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Are you sure you'll be recovered in time for this party?
Zach Gospe: No but I am optimistic
Zach Gospe: I will be napping at lunch and after work and going to bed early and sleeping in
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Lol all of our states taking Ls here
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🥺
Zach Gospe: Wow interesting New York is up there it feels like everyone is going to New York
Zach Gospe: But also my sample size is very small and Dan and samvrutha dominate that sample size
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: The article this came from says that most of the outflow is due to an increasing cost of living, so makes sense that states with high costs of living, like CA, NJ, NY, and MD are topping the list
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Here's that SF -> NY
Chris Acker: But look at that #3 lolol
Chris Acker: Can't you just skip the middle one and just go to LA? 😃
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Speak for yourself I don't see Massachusetts up there
Chris Acker reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: @everyone any Ricetophers want rice?
Zach Gospe: No thank you I have leftover lunch tonight
Chris Acker: Nahhhhhh
Daniel Strizhevsky: Understood
Chris Acker: Thx but nahhhhh
Chris Acker: Thx tho
Daniel Strizhevsky: Freezer boy
Chris Acker reacted with ❓
Chris Acker: But naaaa
Zach Gospe: Hello lady and gents we have good movement in symptoms but still much work to do. 

Sore throat is easing up and the dry, unproductive cough is setting in. This is a good step and means I am in the last stage of contagion.

My nose is becoming runny instead of congested as well which also means that things are easing up. 

I shall continue to rotate between eating, drinking, and sleeping and keep you updated.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Should we consider cancelling??
Chris Acker: ^^ good question
Chris Acker: If yur not there I think we should cancel, so it's a question of how last minute it is
Zach Gospe: This is the only weekend we can have this party right?
Daniel Strizhevsky: In theory we could have it next weekend when yuta is here? Idk
Samvrutha Tumuluru: This is true though if people would still be available is the question
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Also would we want to do a 12 hour thing with one of babas 2 days here is also an open question
Chris Acker: Yah in the worse case we could do it when yuta is here
Zach Gospe: I think a good portion of my friends who could make it tomorrow and are bringing other people will be in Tahoe next weekend
Zach Gospe: So the yuta weekend is a no go in terms of turnout I would guess
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'm gonna order toilet paper on Doordash
Zach Gospe: So close but yet so far. After 12 hours of sleeping I still have the last little bit of a sore throat. I'm going to begin the cancellation process of the party
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Zach Gospe: Rip
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Sad
Daniel Strizhevsky: Rip
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok I will message people
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Zach Gospe will you post on the FB?
Zach Gospe: I have cancelled the fb event with a little note
Zach Gospe: I have then proceeded to text a bunch of folks
Zach Gospe: Any contribution to the communication situation would be lovely
Chris Acker reacted with 👍
Chris Acker: Wait what is the message
Chris Acker: Are we trying to do this next week or cancelled indefinitely?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I just said cancelled cause roommate is sick
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Did not mention any future plans
Zach Gospe: I said we were hoping to reschedule at some point and I'd let people know if/when that happens
Zach Gospe: The message is roommate is sick
Zach Gospe: For people who knew I was already sick early this week I said I'm still sick, and I also added that one of you was also feeling sick so back me up on that white lie if anyone mentions it :)
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Zach Gospe: Gotta protect the reputation ya feel?
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: lol you still feeling sick wasn't enough?
Chris Acker: I'll back you up buh
Zach Gospe reacted with 👍
Zach Gospe: I basically didn't want to tell certain people that my roommates didn't feel comfy hosting the party without me
Chris Acker: oh ok
Chris Acker: OK so heres an idea: What if we just host a normal party when yuta is here this coming weekend (as I assume Yuta, Daniel, and Samvrutha don't really care about the LOTR theme), which can be smaller scale, and then you and I can do the LOTR party later without the afformentioned.  Then Yuta could also invite the friends he wants to see
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Should we ask him first if he is interested
Zach Gospe: There's still a bunch of people who wouldn't be able to make next weekend on my end but that's probably okay if we're doing a smaller party
Chris Acker reacted with 👍
Zach Gospe: Let's ask yuta and see what he says
Chris Acker: Yeah no problem
Chris Acker: @Zach Gospe yuta has given us the GO AHEAD on the party
Zach Gospe: Okay that bustling
Zach Gospe: I‘ll send out invites once I am no longer sick
Chris Acker reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Groke did you pay for trackmania
Zach Gospe: No sir
Zach Gospe: Why do you ask?
Daniel Strizhevsky: You have the times on the left
Daniel Strizhevsky: You can only get those if you pay
Zach Gospe: Those are from open planet I believe
Daniel Strizhevsky: No sir
Zach Gospe: Hm interesting
Zach Gospe: Perhaps my brother did it without me knowing then
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Zach Gospe reacted with 😮
Zach Gospe: He played on my computer for a while when I lived at home
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ah yes the classic excuse
Daniel Strizhevsky: Don't worry I won't tell
Daniel Strizhevsky: 😉
Zach Gospe: Lol
Zach Gospe: Lemme check but I bet you're right
Zach Gospe: Sure enough
Zach Gospe sent a photo.
Zach Gospe: Almost a year ago
Daniel Strizhevsky: There it is my grokey boy
Daniel Strizhevsky: Standard or club??
Zach Gospe: Standard
Daniel Strizhevsky: Very nice
Daniel Strizhevsky: If @everyone anyone is making rice, can I get a cup
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Chris Acker I've put your clothes in the dryer
Daniel Strizhevsky: Do you have a preferred Mode of Drying?
Chris Acker: Thx
Daniel Strizhevsky: Or shall I wait for you
Daniel Strizhevsky: Before starting
Chris Acker: Just normal is fine
Chris Acker: But can you put dryer sheets
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok
Daniel Strizhevsky: How many
Daniel Strizhevsky: I've done 3
Chris Acker: 2
Chris Acker: Ok
Daniel Strizhevsky: Uh oh
Daniel Strizhevsky: Shall I take one out?
Chris Acker: Oh no
Chris Acker: 😅 😓 😥
Chris Acker: Idk
Chris Acker: Joe way rotors or be for you to take it out
Daniel Strizhevsky: What is Joe way rotors
Chris Acker: How easy would it be *
Daniel Strizhevsky: Pretty easy
Chris Acker: Did you already start it
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yes
Chris Acker: Ok then it's fine no worries
Daniel Strizhevsky: I can pause it and take it out
Chris Acker: No no no
Daniel Strizhevsky: I think I see one
Chris Acker: Is five
Chris Acker: It's fine
Daniel Strizhevsky: It's right here
Chris Acker: No problem
Daniel Strizhevsky: Taunting me
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a video.
Chris Acker: This video is a keeper
Chris Acker: Or an album cover
Daniel Strizhevsky: I took one out
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Pouff sent an attachment.
Samvrutha Tumuluru shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Omg @Chris Acker
Daniel Strizhevsky: https://trackmania.io/#/leaderboard/cQYeQw8IHGYMFv4J0r7JfI8VjLc
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Racehans has played our map
Chris Acker: Who is racehans
Daniel Strizhevsky: A very popular boy on Wirtual's videos - a trackmania Legend...

https://www.twitch.tv/racehans
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Chris Acker: Holy wow
Daniel Strizhevsky: He is getting ~top 100 in the world in like 5-10 mins on every campaign map rn lol
Chris Acker: He couldn't do better than us on our map tho
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah Zachary's guess was he was just doing random maps until he got author medal
Daniel Strizhevsky: But our author time was terrible
Chris Acker: Yeah
Daniel Strizhevsky: If we uploaded it with 1:16 author time maybe he'd still be doing our map to this day
Daniel Strizhevsky: And we'd be famous
Daniel Strizhevsky: I believe there's a Free Cup of the Day today at 6!!!
Daniel Strizhevsky: Available for all unpaid participants!
Daniel Strizhevsky: How did you guys get online scores
Daniel Strizhevsky: On the map
Daniel Strizhevsky: Oh it happens automatically
Daniel Strizhevsky: Why don't I have ot
Daniel Strizhevsky: It
Chris Acker: I think zeushy sushi did some to enable that?
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: Wow I've understood a new reference
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Zach Gospe: LOTR is surprisingly pervasive in meme/reference culture you've probably missed a lot of references
Zach Gospe sent a gif.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: Why is nobody streaming trackmania at this time?
Daniel Strizhevsky: A little bored...
Zach Gospe: Come home and play my new track
Zach Gospe: Bistro do you want to help set the author time @Chris Acker
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Ya but rn I'm looking at flights back to md
Zach Gospe reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky: Holy cow, a new track?!?!
Daniel Strizhevsky: What is
Chris Acker: https://www.boringcompany.com/burnthair
Chris Acker shared a link.
Chris Acker: Elon Musk became a perfume salesman
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Zach Gospe reacted with 😆
Zach Gospe: The track is live
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Zach Gospe: For those who wish to partake
Zach Gospe: In its starchiness
Daniel Strizhevsky: Frick yeah
Daniel Strizhevsky: I will partake soon
Daniel Strizhevsky: Got 40.24
Daniel Strizhevsky: Impressed?
Zach Gospe: Very sir
Zach Gospe: Well on your way to author
Daniel Strizhevsky: You are quite a creative mapmaker my boy
Zach Gospe: Thank you sir
Daniel Strizhevsky: What's Christopher's best time
Zach Gospe: Holy frick I just demolished my author medal time
Zach Gospe: Chris has not tried it yet
Samvrutha Tumuluru: After receiving my flu and TDaP shots I have mild flu like symptoms
Samvrutha Tumuluru: But worry not it is not the actual flu and I am not actually sick I just feel that way
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I will be resting for the remainder of the day
Daniel Strizhevsky: @everyone any Ricetophers want rice today?
Zach Gospe: I wish you a speedy recovery from the not flu Sammy vRuthi. If you would like I have an extra NyQuil I stole from you and Dan if you have a fever / need help sleeping
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: Any rice?
Daniel Strizhevsky: @everyone any rice?
Zach Gospe: @Toum I have made rice and a Mexican/Cajun inspired slapdash concoction of potatoes peppers and kidney beans that you may partake in
Zach Gospe: It has quite a bit of smoked paprika
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Slapdash
Daniel Strizhevsky: Hey I was about to say slapdash
Chris Acker: Oh beautiful thank you sir
Daniel Strizhevsky: Hello friendaries - does anyone want these items? Else I will discard them.
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: I have left them upon the kitchen if anyone wants them
Daniel Strizhevsky: They will otherwise he discarded in exactly 7 hours
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Friendly reminder to please clean up the kitchen when you are done using it
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Including wiping down the counters
Chris Acker: Oh yeah my b
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: I think we may have to clean off spoons a little more before dishwashing
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Zach Gospe: Good call toum
Zach Gospe: @toum what are you thinking for dinner?
Chris Acker: I'm thinking about what we're gonna make for dinner tonight
Chris Acker: What are you thinking sir
Chris Acker: Ше муТе наце то го то тне Стояе
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol this took me a long time to understand
Zach Gospe: I will be back around 6:45 or so finishing up some last things at work
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: Он му
Chris Acker: Ок
Zach Gospe: I would be happy to go to the store after that but it will be late
Chris Acker: I will go alone
Zach Gospe: I appreciate you sir
Zach Gospe: Please let me repay the service by taking the lead on cleanup this evening
Daniel Strizhevsky: Fartridge in a fair tree as they say
Chris Acker: Lol this took me a long time to understand
Zach Gospe: So I lied and am leaving for home now
Chris Acker reacted with 😢
Zach Gospe: Lots of work
Zach Gospe: Glad you didn't wait for me justo
Zach Gospe: Bistro
Zach Gospe: Busto
Zach Gospe: Nisto
Daniel Strizhevsky: Kids won't study themselves and I right
Chris Acker: Ye
Chris Acker: Guess I'll just get some Chipotl 2nite
Daniel Strizhevsky: I am getting that one
Chris Acker: @Zach Gospe please remember to invite any friends who are still available to make it to the party tomorrow night
Zach Gospe: Yessir when does the party start and what's the vibe
Chris Acker: I told people 7 to 12
Chris Acker: Vibe is drinks and conversation, with possible games I think
Zach Gospe: Do we have the roof?
Chris Acker: Only for 30 minutes
Chris Acker: Someone else had reserved it
Zach Gospe: Ah gotcha
Zach Gospe: Great
Daniel Strizhevsky: I shall invite some too
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I have already maxed out the invites
Samvrutha Tumuluru: By that I mean I have invited one person
Samvrutha Tumuluru: She said maybe
Chris Acker: @Daniel Strizhevsky yes absolutism
Zach Gospe: I have sent out invites but unclear if anyone is available
Chris Acker: Thank you sir
Chris Acker: Also you have other Zach's number right
Chris Acker: Can you invite them as well??
Zach Gospe: Yessir
Zach Gospe: I have Adam's number
Chris Acker: Oh okay that works too
Zach Gospe: They have been invited
Chris Acker reacted with 👍
Zach Gospe: Does Yuta have a bunch of confirmed guests?
Chris Acker: He invited 6 and 3 said yes I think
Zach Gospe: Solid
Zach Gospe: It'll be a good size group no matter what then
Zach Gospe: Still waiting to hear back from Riley, Grace, Wendy and Adam, but the other big sets of people that would have come to lotr won't be able to make it
Chris Acker: Rounak and megha will probably come (or at least rounak) and Rounak's friend Jesus might also come for a bit.
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😇
Chris Acker: No worries
Zach Gospe: Fantastic
Zach Gospe: It will be nice to meet Megha and perhaps they'll have such an amazing time they'll decide to be our roommates for six months
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Ah the party was a ploy all along to charm them
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Nathan Fielder would be proud :P
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: I've left a gift of A Few Chipotle Tortilla Chips in the kitchen for anyone to enjoy!
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Please enjoy graciously!
Chris Acker: Wow!  Was that picture taken by your Fuji film pro XTS *enhanced* camera??
Chris Acker: I just ventured into the kitchen to eat a few chips, but then I accidentally ate ALL OF THEM
Chris Acker: my apologies to anyone whom this inconveniences, or dismays
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Zach Gospe: Nooooo
Zach Gospe: I was just about to get some
Daniel Strizhevsky: No it was taken by my Google Pixel 6 Pro, NOT my Fujifilm X-T30
Zach Gospe sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: Zachary I have some dire and/or great news about your trackmania
Daniel Strizhevsky: For Christopher as well
Daniel Strizhevsky: Never mind
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Sameer made it safely home btw
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Zach Gospe: Raya made it home safe as well
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: @Groke what are your dinner plans tonight? Are we cookin
Zach Gospe: We cookin by busyopher
Zach Gospe: I should be back around 6:15 is that good for you?
Chris Acker: Yeah I might be the same
Zach Gospe: Yeee
Zach Gospe: Whenever I tell you I'm gonna be home at a specific time know I'm lying
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Chris Acker reacted with 😠
Zach Gospe: 6:40 is more accurate but we can start cooking immediately when I get there
Chris Acker: Admittedly I arrived a tad early, at about 6:12, but then it took me a few minutes to get the Mail so I ended up arriving at 6:15 as planned
Chris Acker sent a sticker.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Cocker Daniel aka Zeush set 7 word effects 💨
Zach Gospe: I enjoy playing rocket league
Zach Gospe: Groke set 🍑 as the word effect for 'Danathy'.
Chris Acker: You set 🤮 as the word effect for 'Trackmania'.
Zach Gospe: Danathy
Zach Gospe: Danathy Danathy Danathy
Zach Gospe: Danathy
Zach Gospe: Danathy
Zach Gospe: Danathy
Zach Gospe: Danathy
Daniel Strizhevsky: I love trackmania
Zach Gospe: Trackmania and Danathy are different rice
Daniel Strizhevsky: Buh
Daniel Strizhevsky: @everyone any Ricetophers want rice?
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Zach Gospe
Daniel Strizhevsky: are you awake
Zach Gospe: Sir I was probably awake but didn't see this what did I miss?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: It was pretty good
Samvrutha Tumuluru: But Daniel is no longer awake
Daniel Strizhevsky: A very good video
Daniel Strizhevsky: I will send you it later
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Pouff sent an attachment.
Samvrutha Tumuluru shared a link.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I have sent it so you don't have to live in fear waiting to know what's good
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: @Zach Gospe are you coming home tonight
Chris Acker: (The apartment)
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Zach Gospe are you coming home tonight (California)
Zach Gospe: Yes I will be coming home tonight
Zach Gospe: But it will be later my friends
Zach Gospe: I stayed a bit late and now I'm getting dinner with some coworkers
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Zach Gospe: Hello bonistobuhs, I went to see the doctor today because my sore throat continues to linger. Doc says I likely have a mild bacterial infection. I am not contagious given how long it's been and she has prescribed me antibiotics
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Samvrutha Tumuluru: What the heck you are sick again?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Or is this leftover from the last one?
Zach Gospe: Leftover from the last one is the doctor's guess
Zach Gospe: She said “goodness that is a large lymph node”
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: May we restart the 'net? Getting 0.1mbps
Zach Gospe: Sure
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Chris Acker agreed as well?
Chris Acker: Yes
Daniel Strizhevsky: @everyone any Ricetophers want rice?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Last call for ricicles!
Zach Gospe: No rice for me I'll probably just order some door dash tonight. I have one last 50% promotion (yum)
Zach Gospe: I accidentally ordered a side that has yogurt in it so somebody can eat it if they'd like. Please see it on the counter
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Zach Gospe: Hello the antibiotics got my stomach feeling like crap and I'm feeling very tired as well. Probably gonna take tomorrow off and just rest. 

I will be eating a strict diet of bland foods for a while so Chris you're on your own. Though if anyone is planning on going to the store, I could use some bland things to eat
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Chris Acker sent a sticker.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Friccc
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🥺
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Should I still bring these guys home
Chris Acker: That doesn't look bland
Chris Acker: Should I get you some chipotle chips when I visit chipotle today
Zach Gospe: By bland I'm talking like plain rice, sourdough bread, apple sauce, and bananas my boys
Zach Gospe: I can probably muster up the energy to go to the store too. Just if someone was planning on Going anyways
Daniel Strizhevsky: They call it the BRAT diet
Daniel Strizhevsky: Samvrutha and I may go to the store later this evening possibly
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Zach Gospe: Yes the BRAT diet will be my friend for the next few days I'm sure
Chris Acker: How is that tumtum @grokeyboi
Samvrutha Tumuluru: FYI: My parents will be generally around from today until Wednesday. Probably will show them the apartment tonight
Samvrutha Tumuluru: it probably won't come up but I told my parents 
1) I've never had alcohol ever. Because they are extremely anti alcohol
2) I've never tried meat
Samvrutha Tumuluru: So just keep that in mind hehe 😬
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: @everyone any Ricetophers want rice?
Daniel Strizhevsky: I will be starting some rice very soon!
Daniel Strizhevsky: Nvm
Chris Acker: Yeah
Chris Acker: Why
Daniel Strizhevsky: Going out for dinner again lol
Zach Gospe: Has any bustopher paid the utilities?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah I paid and charged on splitwise
Zach Gospe: Lovely Ty
Daniel Strizhevsky: Hello sirs! My friend Jerry Li in the apartment very close by to us is hosting a poker night this Friday
Daniel Strizhevsky: Anyone want to join me in joining the poker night? $50 buy in I think
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: I'm scared
Daniel Strizhevsky: Why
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Me too
Chris Acker: It is my right as an American to be so 🇺🇸
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: No
Daniel Strizhevsky: Think of it as a $50 fee to play a fun game for a few hours, with a chance of magically receiving some money
Daniel Strizhevsky: Then there is no fear
Chris Acker: But as I know nothing about poker I have little chance of receiving it
Chris Acker: And I know really know any of the attendees
Daniel Strizhevsky: Me neither
Daniel Strizhevsky: To both of those
Chris Acker: So it's like paging 50 to sit at a table with strangers
Daniel Strizhevsky: Frick yeah
Chris Acker: Then what is your reason for attending lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: Cause poker is fun
Chris Acker: Really??????
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah
Zach Gospe: Do we have a guest list and are they cool people / are they really good at poker?
Daniel Strizhevsky: It's Jerry who I know from Robinhood, and possibly Minh who you all met at the party
Daniel Strizhevsky: Others I don't know
Daniel Strizhevsky: No idea how good they are at poker either
Daniel Strizhevsky: Minh will be there confirmed
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I just remembered I have an offsite on Friday
Samvrutha Tumuluru: So I will be doing stuff
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Offsite onsite
Daniel Strizhevsky: You can come after
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I just remembered after the offsite is dinner
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Ok mainly it's like $50 must mean these people are really good at poker
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Like $20 that's a regular joe shmow
Samvrutha Tumuluru: $50 is like yeah I play often and seriously
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Can I cash out at anytime?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: For example $50 buy in but then when I lose $20 I quit and just hang out instead?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah I think as long as you don't do that in like the first 10 mins it's fine
Samvrutha Tumuluru: How much is big blind
Daniel Strizhevsky: Blinds are $0.25/$0.5
Daniel Strizhevsky: I think as people get older and richer the $10 games of yesteryear are gone
Daniel Strizhevsky: Jerry said yeah it's buy-in whatever buy-out whatever anytime you want
Samvrutha Tumuluru: So I can buy in with only $15 if I want
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Or perhaps even $10
Daniel Strizhevsky: Maybe but you'd be at a huge disadvantage
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Cause people could crush me
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Also I have another question
Daniel Strizhevsky: Just buy in 50 and cash out when you hit 35 or something
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Could I come and just hang out
Samvrutha Tumuluru: And like be a silent observer on your team
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Or is that not allowed
Daniel Strizhevsky: Probably fine
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yee
Daniel Strizhevsky: But
Daniel Strizhevsky: I don't trust your poker face
Daniel Strizhevsky: Jerry will also be providing board games
Daniel Strizhevsky: In case you guys decide not to play
Daniel Strizhevsky: Poker
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Ok I am more interested now
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I will still play it by ear based on how tired I am
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru: But this is more enticing
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I'm so sleepy
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wrong chat
Samvrutha Tumuluru: But I am indeed sleepy
Chris Acker: @Zach Gospe do you need rice
Zach Gospe: Yessir
Zach Gospe: I will see you soon and by soon I mean around 6:25
Chris Acker: Fartoma, brother.
Zach Gospe: Sumga, bonisto
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Finally snagged the author medal on this bad boi
Daniel Strizhevsky: Holy cow
Daniel Strizhevsky: Well done sir
Daniel Strizhevsky: Any Ricetophers want rice?
Daniel Strizhevsky: @everyone
Zach Gospe: I will have rice
Zach Gospe: Also bonustopher do we have enough to do a sad curry tonight or do we need produce
Chris Acker: We have nothing
Zach Gospe: Bussing. I can stop at the store on my way home
Zach Gospe: Or I can pick you up in front of the apartment that could be fun and we could go together
Zach Gospe: I'll probably be back at 6:25ish
Chris Acker: Ok I'm down for a day of fun in the sun.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok I will make 3 cups of the Good Stuff
Daniel Strizhevsky: (which is down bad, fr fr)
Zach Gospe: Accident on 101 be ready for 6:33 bring a grocery bag
Chris Acker: Where you at
Chris Acker: @Daniel Strizhevsky do we have balsamic vinegar left?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Uh
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yes
Daniel Strizhevsky: Full bottle
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Toum
Chris Acker: Thx
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Toum @Zach Gospe do either of you want to get dinner with Jerry and Minh beforehand?
Daniel Strizhevsky: At vesta
Chris Acker: Lol always vesta
Chris Acker: Yeah sure
Daniel Strizhevsky: Bunky
Zach Gospe: What time bonistobuhs?
Daniel Strizhevsky: 5:30 dinner
Daniel Strizhevsky: Still looking for a place to eat actuallg
Daniel Strizhevsky: Do you guys have a preference between vesta zareens and https://www.kabulcuisine.co/menu
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Last one doesn't seem to have many vegan options, does zareens?
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Groke
Daniel Strizhevsky: Grokey boy
Zach Gospe: Looking
Zach Gospe: I would prefer not third option
Daniel Strizhevsky: Shall we do vesta?
Zach Gospe: 👏
Zach Gospe: Big fan of that choice
Daniel Strizhevsky: I can't really eat zareens lol
Chris Acker: Wow, Vesta is a really good idea, and I had never thought of that before.  I would certainly look forward to going there and trying out their various selections of food
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: Check out this clip! Wirtual streaming Trackmania!  https://clips.twitch.tv/PhilanthropicEncouragingBoarBCWarrior-7MSe7zdgMHh6song
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Chris Acker Wirtual is talking about uou
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lettuce leave in 13 mins or so to vesta
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Groke
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: @Daniel Strizhevsky lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol what are the financial experts arguments
Chris Acker: I think it's because if you take it in cash, you only get $597 million
Chris Acker: That's before taxes
Chris Acker: You only get the full 1.2 billion if you take it over time
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: It would be the same as taking the cash and then making an average of 4.3% in the markets every year for 30 years
Chris Acker: So if you think you can do better than that, you should take the cash, otherwise, take the annuity
Chris Acker: Basically, I think powerball itself wants to invest the cash, and they would take a cut of the investment return, but guarantee you the 1.6 billion, using their earnings from ticket sales as collateral
Chris Acker: If you took the cash now, you could possibly do better in the markets overtime, but you have no guarantee
Daniel Strizhevsky: Interesting I see
Daniel Strizhevsky: If any Ricetophers are making rice, I'd like one
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Zach Gospe are you ok!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: *?
Zach Gospe: I am feeling less than optimal tonight so i will be resting in my bed. Please scream loudly when Chris wins the lottery to alert me
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: Time to watch some manifest season 4!
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok boys
Daniel Strizhevsky: I've finally done it
Daniel Strizhevsky: I beat both of your times on track 5
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Zach Gospe @Chris Acker this one is actually unbeatable
Daniel Strizhevsky: #hunted
Daniel Strizhevsky: With that I lay this track to rest
Chris Acker reacted with 😮
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Zach Gospe we must vote today!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Only a few days left
Zach Gospe: I will be voting in the kitchen presently
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Friiiiccc
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Presently
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Ok I'm coming
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Groke have you played any Spellbook Demonslayers recently?
Chris Acker: @Daniel Strizhevsky
Chris Acker: I wrote the lottery EV program
Chris Acker: And the expected value is 57 cents
Chris Acker: (Expected return of $2.57 - cost of $2.00)
Daniel Strizhevsky: :I
Daniel Strizhevsky: :o*
Daniel Strizhevsky: Is this with the new 1.9 billion
Daniel Strizhevsky: Are you factoring in the tax
Daniel Strizhevsky: And taking the lump sum?
Chris Acker: It's 1.9 billion, no tax
Zach Gospe: No sir is this a high quality must buy game?
Daniel Strizhevsky: You have to pay tax
Daniel Strizhevsky: And if you do the lump sum you only take half
Zach Gospe: Dude it's less than 3 dollars for this game?
Zach Gospe: Downloaded
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol I didn't know anything about it, it just looked the same as vampire survivors
Daniel Strizhevsky: Is it good
Daniel Strizhevsky: ??
Chris Acker: Holy cow there is a huge festival in downtown Redwood City
Chris Acker: For dia de muertos
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah we saw it while driving
Daniel Strizhevsky: Is it cool
Daniel Strizhevsky: Should we go
Daniel Strizhevsky: Also any Ricetophers want rice?
Daniel Strizhevsky: @everyone
Chris Acker: It was very cool
Chris Acker: Singing and dancing, stands where various times are being sold, also food stands
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: Holy cow
Daniel Strizhevsky: Is it still happening?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Guava in the kitchen for anyone who would like some
Chris Acker: I'm at work
Chris Acker: But Zach and I have some delicious guava juice in the fridge if you'd like to pair it with that
Chris Acker: You could dunk your guava chunks in guava juice
Daniel Strizhevsky: The guava doesn't taste like the juice
Daniel Strizhevsky: I've mixed a few guavas with a few tablespoons of your guava juice
Daniel Strizhevsky: To create this Guava Smoothie
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Why is it brown lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: It's pinkish
Chris Acker: What if you mix it with much sugar
Daniel Strizhevsky: After mixing it with the juice (which is mostly sugar) it tastes more like the juice
Daniel Strizhevsky: So I guess that works
Daniel Strizhevsky: Any Ricetophers want rice?
Daniel Strizhevsky: @everyone
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Groke @Toum
Zach Gospe: Chris and I are making risotto tonight so we don't need extra rice
Chris Acker: @Groke what time can I expect you back?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Under stood
Chris Acker: I am microwaving an entire pumpkin
Zach Gospe: Oh no
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Zach Gospe: Be right there
Chris Acker: @Daniel Strizhevsky
Chris Acker: curl https://ackertestbucket.s3.amazonaws.com/grunion_island.zip --output grunion_island.zip
Chris Acker shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: how the frick was putting it in s3 the easiest way to do this lol
Chris Acker: :)
Chris Acker: guuten nightt!
Daniel Strizhevsky: thank you sir
Chris Acker: Hi Bois
Chris Acker: Rounak has invited me to Megha's friend's product launch party
Chris Acker: https://www.instagram.com/p/CkbF9gkLmFw/?igshid=YmMyMTA2M2Y=
Chris Acker shared a link.
Chris Acker: They are launching this cooking device
Chris Acker: It's on Friday night in SF
Chris Acker: You are all invited
Chris Acker: I have told him I'll attend so let me know if you guys want to come with
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol interesting device
Daniel Strizhevsky: Is it this Friday? @Samvrutha Tumuluru are you still hanging out with raya that day
Chris Acker: Yeah this Friday
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I haven't asked her yet
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Should I invite her to come to this thing
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Are others allowed?
Chris Acker: I'll ask Rounak
Chris Acker: He says that's fine
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Zach Gospe what do you think
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Will you be attending
Zach Gospe: I have not decided yet
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Ok we can discuss later
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Chris Acker
Daniel Strizhevsky: Are you in meeting
Daniel Strizhevsky: Grunion island is ready
Daniel Strizhevsky: Do you guys have this Friday off?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: What is entailed in a launch party
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Is it like a house party
Chris Acker: Yeah I think so
Samvrutha Tumuluru: What time is this party
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I still haven't invited Raya but I'm working up the courage lol
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I have invited her! She is down
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: Cool, Rounak said it starts at 6 but he is planning on getting there a little later
Chris Acker: I asked him what time he is planning on arriving and I'm waiting for a response
Chris Acker: We could also all go to SF after work on Friday and get dinner or something.  And then head over afterwards
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yeah that sounds good
Daniel Strizhevsky: Bumping Message
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: No
Zach Gospe: Samvrutha I heard that short shaming through the wall I think you meant 

“What is you met the perfect guy ever and so because he's perfect he's 5' 6” “
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lolol my friend has VERY different views from most on what tall means
Samvrutha Tumuluru: She's out here saying people are “only” 6' 4”
Zach Gospe: Yikes that's a hot take. How tall is she?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 5'5”
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Zach Gospe did you decide on  the party Friday
Chris Acker: @Zach Gospe what is dinner plan for tonight
Daniel Strizhevsky: Me binky
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Zach Gospe feeling left out about asking you a question so should I ask this one?
Zach Gospe: I'll be home for dinner
Zach Gospe: I'm not sure about Friday yet
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Zach Gospe: Also how do we feel about 3 of my coworkers coming over to watch some movies Saturday night. It will be Raya, Ryan, and Caitlin
Zach Gospe: And/or board games
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I have no issue with them being here. Though depending on timings I may be unavailable for some of the time as we already committed to calling some friends on Saturday night
Zach Gospe: Understood
Chris Acker: We can talk about dining among ourselves right
Chris Acker: As it's just us
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lol yeah
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Same question
Chris Acker: Please reask for posterity
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Where are we tryna dine
Chris Acker: When we are 30 years old we will be looking through this chat to “remember the good old times” and we'll need context
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I'm gonna go straight there
Zach Gospe: Where is the event again? I'd love to be able to eat in a location that is between the Caltrain station and the event
Chris Acker: Oh that's a good question
Zach Gospe: For maximum walkability
Chris Acker: Holy cow that is asking for a lot
Samvrutha Tumuluru: that's full speed
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: It's just a 15 minute walk you fatso (no offense)
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Was that the correct usage?
Chris Acker: 🤷‍♂️
Zach Gospe: Fatso
Chris Acker reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: But fine we can prioritize dining somewhere in the middle 🙄
Zach Gospe reacted with 👍
Zach Gospe: Samvrutha do you also have difficulty swearing over chat?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I never considered it before. I guess less difficulty
Chris Acker: I have trouble swearing over chat
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: Because it's “on the record”
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Fair point I am now equally afraid
Zach Gospe: Fuck
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Zach Gospe: That's unfortunate
Chris Acker: Holy moly!
Chris Acker: That rocks me to my core
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I was so shook I fell out of my chair
Zach Gospe: Lol
Zach Gospe: Not as shocking as smack-ass tbh
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: Sun and moon Thai food?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Smack ass
Zach Gospe: Super down
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Is there food for Daniel
Chris Acker: I'm having trouble finding things that are Daniel and Zachary friendly
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Daniel Strizhevsky  there is ramen at this Thai place
Chris Acker: KAIYOO ROOFTOP
Zach Gospe: What about it?
Chris Acker: Rating possibility
Chris Acker: Eating*
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I have invited a friend to dinner btw
Samvrutha Tumuluru: But NOT to the party
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Worry not Christopher
Chris Acker: Also we could do sushi if Zach is okay with classifying this night as a special occasion
Chris Acker: There is also a sajj Mediterranean restaurant there
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah Thai sounds good
Daniel Strizhevsky: I am known for my lack of pickiness
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Zach Gospe: Isn't that awkward. Should we not talk about the party strategy at dinner then
Chris Acker: Okay we can do the Thai then
Zach Gospe reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru: No we can talk about it
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I explained the situation to her
Samvrutha Tumuluru: In EXTREME detail
Zach Gospe: My goodness
Zach Gospe: That's a lot of detail
Zach Gospe: She probably knows the situation better than I do now
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Indeed
Zach Gospe: What is your friends name such that I don't have to ask and then forget immediately after and spend the whole time worried cause I don't remember
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Alisha
Zach Gospe: Great
Zach Gospe: Dan might I suggest you begin pooping now
Daniel Strizhevsky: No
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'm gonna begin pooping now
Daniel Strizhevsky: Shall we exit here at 6:13?
Zach Gospe: Yes promptly at 6:13 we leave the door
Zach Gospe: Have your shoes and such on before hand
Daniel Strizhevsky: Under stood
Zach Gospe: Soon after leaving it will be clear that tonight is full speed
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: Maybe we leave at 6:12? Christopher is likely to have difficulty getting onto the caltrain
Chris Acker: Lol why would I have trouble
Daniel Strizhevsky: Let's bring masks for possible waymo rides?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Payments and such
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: I have a clipper card loaded onto my Apple device
Chris Acker: So I doubt I'll have any trouble whithersoever
Daniel Strizhevsky: It's likely to be finicky
Daniel Strizhevsky: On your device specifically
Chris Acker: No sir
Chris Acker: Why don't you just go and suckafatone strizzyboi
Zach Gospe: Sammy boi plz meet us for our 7:15 rezzzz
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Ok sounds good
Daniel Strizhevsky: Sorry @Christipher you've barely just missed CotD
Chris Acker: Are you and groker playing that now
Chris Acker: Are you both in it
Chris Acker: And winning
Daniel Strizhevsky: It was only I, and I got like 32nd in my division
Zach Gospe reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: My division being bad
Zach Gospe: Some friends of mine from work will be coming over around 7 to just hang out, watch a movie, or play some games. 

Please feel free to join in, or ignore them, at your discretion. 

Raya will be among them
Daniel Strizhevsky: By the way, my Nisto RLs (aka Zachary and Christopher): 

Is it possible for samvrutha and myself to borrow a couple suitcases this November?
Daniel Strizhevsky: We may need a couple extras
Zach Gospe: Yes certainly
Zach Gospe: Also my brother and his girlfriend are going to come by tomorrow at 4:30 to see the apartment in case they might wanna move in in January
Zach Gospe: It seems more likely they'll pass, but they wanna take a look
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🥺
Daniel Strizhevsky: Thank you!
Daniel Strizhevsky: Shall we clean it graciously to make a good impression??
Chris Acker: @Zach Gospe are you going to pick up snacks / drinks for people tonight?
Zach Gospe: If you don't mind!
Zach Gospe: I'll be there shortly just grabbing a few snack
Chris Acker: Ya I just needed to know if I needed to go out and grab stuff
Zach Gospe: I got it covered my toumba
Zach Gospe: Do we have vodka still?
Chris Acker: Yeah we have like 45% of a bottle remaining
Zach Gospe: Great that's plenty
Zach Gospe: I'll get cranberry tho
Chris Acker reacted with 👍
Chris Acker: That is a good idea 💡
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol @Chris Acker why is Wirtual Sid from ice age
Daniel Strizhevsky: I guess they look a little similar
Chris Acker: They are the same person apparently
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Grokery have you played Soulstone Survivors yet?
Zach Gospe: Dan don't do this to me again
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: I believe you did it to yourself
Daniel Strizhevsky: If you're still busy with Rogue : Genesia I understand
Zach Gospe: Unfortunately my mom just tested positive for Covid. I'm taking a test now just to be safe and will take one again in a few days to make sure I'm safe. 

I did just have Covid two months ago so I'm hoping I'm safe, though with my other health issues lingering I wouldn't be surprised if my immune system isn't great at the moment. Will keep you updated. 

Would you all like me to quarantine for now?
Chris Acker: While you are probably safe I'll be seeing my fam in a few days so quarantining until I am gone would be appreciated
Zach Gospe reacted with 👍
Zach Gospe: Can do, good sir
Zach Gospe: I'll make sure to wipe down the bathroom throughly with each use
Chris Acker: I hope your mom is okay though
Zach Gospe: Me too, I'll keep you guys posted
Zach Gospe: Just tested negative but of course it's probably too early to tell anyway
Zach Gospe: I will be masked in the kitchen making some food in a moment please be advised
Zach Gospe: Still testing negative for the Rona. I also have a doctor appt tomorrow so will keep you updated then.
Zach Gospe: On a separate note I'm planning on doing laundry in a bit, and I noticed somebody has close in the dryer. In the next hour or two can whoever that is claim it plz?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: That is me
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I will move it
Zach Gospe: Okey :)
Daniel Strizhevsky: https://www.nbcbayarea.com/news/local/redwood-city-el-camino-real/3079164/
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Danger
Daniel Strizhevsky: I think this is where Allison lives :o
Zach Gospe: Omg yikes
Daniel Strizhevsky: Do you guys want our plants when we leave? Or should we find a way to remove them
Daniel Strizhevsky: I guess they are all of our plants, at least we split the big one I think
Zach Gospe: I must discuss this with Chris ^
Zach Gospe: @Daniel Strizhevsky may I consume the final bagel?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yes sir, enjoy greatly
Chris Acker: Ermm, I think we can keep them
Chris Acker: How are you feeling Sir Zachary
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Chris Acker
Daniel Strizhevsky: Royal has been done
Chris Acker: Lol
Chris Acker: Well it's been a year so this is to be expected
Chris Acker: Any idea that comes out of my mouth happens after a year
Chris Acker: I'm like a nebula for startup ideas
Zach Gospe: I have been better. Pretty sure it's just my lingering thing and not Covid though. Doctor appt this afternoon.
Chris Acker: Can I do laundry tonight
Zach Gospe: Yessir
Chris Acker: Just want to make sure a spot is reserved for me
Chris Acker: I'm mostly talking to @Danielboi
Chris Acker: As I was thinking he might have laundry to do as well
Daniel Strizhevsky: No sir my laundry is laundered
Chris Acker sent a sticker.
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Chris Acker do you have a large suitcase (checked bag size)?
Chris Acker: Yeah
Daniel Strizhevsky: Can vruthy borrow it for Thanksgiving? Or are you using
Chris Acker: Yeah she can
Daniel Strizhevsky: Frick yeah
Daniel Strizhevsky: May I come grab it in a minute or two?
Zach Gospe: Imma do a very quick store run anyone need anything?
Zach Gospe: Grokery
Chris Acker: No thank you sir
Chris Acker: Banisto (RL)
Zach Gospe reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: Be safe out there
Daniel Strizhevsky: How are you feeling today @Zachary Plaquary
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Plasma-ass
Zach Gospe: My plasma has been better. I am taking the day off today to rest and such. I have a really bad headache and with my family also having Covid I've just been really stressed and fatigued too.
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Real bagel
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Looks the same to me
Chris Acker: I probably got that from an Einstein bagels am I right
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👺
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Chris Acker @Zach Gospe do either of you want to keep the pull up bar?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Otherwise I'm donating
Chris Acker: No
Zach Gospe: Are we really out of rice?
Daniel Strizhevsky: We very well may be captain
Zach Gospe: Did you ricetophers leave me all alone without rice
Zach Gospe: I'm a lost boy
Zach Gospe: Los lost boys
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Zach Gospe
Daniel Strizhevsky: What's your track 4 pb
Zach Gospe sent a photo.
Chris Acker reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Zach Gospe: I will check later good sir
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: How did you know boar vessel 600-500bc Etruscan ceramic is my favorite meme
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Zach Gospe (I know Christopher knows)
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'm waiting
Daniel Strizhevsky: I spent 3 hours getting a 0.04 improvement from what I believe may have been your time on my computer anyway
Daniel Strizhevsky: So I'm ready to be severely rekt
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Zach Gospe: Samvrutha told me about this meme! It's incredible
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Zach Gospe: 29.336
Zach Gospe: JK just beat it lol 29.322
Daniel Strizhevsky: Frick
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'm at 332
Daniel Strizhevsky: How do you do it???
Zach Gospe: Wow it's a good thing I improved my time then don't you think?
Zach Gospe: I didn't try to speed slide at all, I just focused on clean lines
Zach Gospe: Dan I think I need a new game for the next few weeks while buhs are away and my family is recovering from Covid. Any suggestions of something that'll last me a while?
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: Try rocket league
Chris Acker: Every new rank seems like a whole new game
Chris Acker: There are also other fun game modes that you can try out!!
Daniel Strizhevsky: What the darn
Daniel Strizhevsky: I speed slid like 3 times for mine
Daniel Strizhevsky: Trackmania isn't enough???
Daniel Strizhevsky: It seemsa new God of War game has come out that may be popular
Daniel Strizhevsky: And a new Pokemon game!
Daniel Strizhevsky: Oh wait I'm at 323 not 332
Daniel Strizhevsky: So you've beaten me by .001
Zach Gospe reacted with 😮
Samvrutha Tumuluru: This is getting embarrassing
Zach Gospe: Dan I had the run in vampire survivors and I killed the final boss grim reaper, unlocking him as a playable character
Zach Gospe: Also
Zach Gospe sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Wtf
Daniel Strizhevsky: Is that with speedslides
Zach Gospe: I think I accidentally did one yeah
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Accidentally got this pb during matchmaking even though I couldn't get close in 4 hours otherwise
Chris Acker: Is that with speed slides?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Arent you up a little early
Daniel Strizhevsky: Probably with 1 speed slide I think
Daniel Strizhevsky: Maybe 2
Chris Acker: I can't believe yur up this early
Daniel Strizhevsky: Oh wait you're on east coast too
Daniel Strizhevsky: Still quite early for you though
Chris Acker: I when you can start the day with a New York Bagel
Chris Acker: You become raring to go
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: I am given an opportunity to eat a bagel this early afternoon
Daniel Strizhevsky: But I will be declining it
Chris Acker: Now what was all that just now
Daniel Strizhevsky: Are you also tuned into Wirtual's stream right now? :)
Chris Acker: No
Chris Acker: Should I tune in to siddfromiceage.com?
Chris Acker shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yes
Daniel Strizhevsky: I woke up full due to great amounts of food eaten here
Daniel Strizhevsky: And then was forced to eat a large breakfast
Daniel Strizhevsky: Very large
Daniel Strizhevsky: Alas I won't be hungry for several hours
Daniel Strizhevsky: So I will decline an early afternoon bagel
Chris Acker: How did you eat so much
Chris Acker: Did you eat many latkes
Daniel Strizhevsky: Forced to do so
Daniel Strizhevsky: No this morning was buckwheat eggs and mango
Daniel Strizhevsky: Buckwheat with tomatoes and feta of course
Daniel Strizhevsky: And orange juice
Daniel Strizhevsky: And ginger tea
Chris Acker: Buckwheat eggs?
Chris Acker: I can't imagine what that tastes like
Daniel Strizhevsky: Sorry I meant
Daniel Strizhevsky: Buck, wheat eggs, and man, go
Chris Acker reacted with 👍
Chris Acker: A fine way to break the fast
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yes my little PogChamp
Daniel Strizhevsky: I've used my twitch prime on Scrapie instead of Wirtual, jealous?
Chris Acker: I used mine on a small streamer
Chris Acker: I like to support the little guys
Chris Acker: Hopefully someone will provide the same for me
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Let's enjoy some New York style bagels
Daniel Strizhevsky: Let's enjoying bagels
Daniel Strizhevsky: I was saving my twitch prime for you but it seems you are not invested in becoming Affiliate
Chris Acker: I am incredibly invested
Chris Acker: Please save your next month's prime for me
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yes sir
Daniel Strizhevsky: If you're ready for it
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: What does this sat
Daniel Strizhevsky: Say
Daniel Strizhevsky: Should it be cockroach tarp or trap do you guys think
Zach Gospe: I think cockroach tarps are a thing
Daniel Strizhevsky: What makes it a tarp
Zach Gospe: It's like a tarp
Zach Gospe: Also your time on track 4 is incredible well done sir
Zach Gospe: I shall not be attempting to bear it
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: Hmm well it translates to “cockroach begone” in Japanese so
Zach Gospe: Beat it * but also I can't bear it
Chris Acker: Not very helpful in determining the English
Zach Gospe reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'm quite disappointed because it was a very unspectacular run
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yet it beat my many hours of attempts
Daniel Strizhevsky: By a large margin
Daniel Strizhevsky: Not even sure what I did
Daniel Strizhevsky: It was matchmaking so I wasn't taking risks
Zach Gospe reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: Goat simulator 3 seems to be out as well
Zach Gospe: Goat simulator???
Daniel Strizhevsky: 3
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah
Daniel Strizhevsky: Don't know if it's good
Zach Gospe: It looks very interesting though I'm not sure if it's my type of game
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: Now I get why you remembered him so quickly
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Grokery, Wirtual is 42 hours into Deep Dip. And yourself?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Remember when the homeless camp under 101 caught fire
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Gov. Gavin Newsom visited the site while they were cleaning up
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yes m
Samvrutha Tumuluru: https://www.smdailyjournal.com/news/local/caltrans-cleans-up-homeless-camp-in-redwood-city/article_94c11574-952e-11ec-8bb6-b70f3f55d0d7.html
Samvrutha Tumuluru shared a link.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: So he was right around here
Daniel Strizhevsky: No this is from Feb
Samvrutha Tumuluru: wait what the heck other fire was there
Daniel Strizhevsky: No idea
Samvrutha Tumuluru: alright my bad buhs
Samvrutha Tumuluru: fake news
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👺
Samvrutha Tumuluru: on my part
Chris Acker: I will be in NY this weekend btw @Daniel Strizhevsky
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Chris Acker shared a video.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: :O
Daniel Strizhevsky: which days / where?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Turns out it wasn't a skill issue
Daniel Strizhevsky: It was a laptop issue
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Waiting for others to respond . . .
Chris Acker: I'll ask my mom
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: Yur still playing Fall season? 🙄
Daniel Strizhevsky: Duh, I'm a 9.3ker going on 10k soon ;)
Daniel Strizhevsky: There was quite a lot of drama in the trackmania streaming community yesterday
Daniel Strizhevsky: And Wirtual had 28k viewers at some point
Daniel Strizhevsky: And asked for people to use their prime subs and instantly got 600 subs lol
Chris Acker: Wowza that's a lot of primers
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yes sir
Chris Acker: Yeah whenever any Twitch streamer shamelessly reminds their viewers about prime it always works lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: Once I become a Ten Thousander I will be also receiving a similar number of subs
Chris Acker: People honestly forget it and just click the button when it's mentioned
Chris Acker: You streaming?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Once I become a Ten Thousander
Daniel Strizhevsky: And maybe get a computer that can stream
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Buy a new laptop
Chris Acker: Lol this sounds like me
Daniel Strizhevsky: Desktop needed
Daniel Strizhevsky: To be honest with this desktop, being a Twenty Thousander may be on the table
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Zachary 10k yet????
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Groke be warned Jason is here
Zach Gospe: Okey
Zach Gospe: No I'm 9260 cocker Daniel
Daniel Strizhevsky: Haha get rekt dor
Daniel Strizhevsky: Sir
Daniel Strizhevsky: No offesme
Zach Gospe: @Pouff I shall be having my dungeons and dragons call tonight so I may not interact with this Jason fellow much
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: A Maryland thanksgiving
Daniel Strizhevsky: A Crabby Thanksgiving!
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: I'm here
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Welcome sir!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: What are you doing in Hell's Kitchen
Zach Gospe: Can you buhs remind me when you're returning? Anyone coming back today?
Chris Acker: I'm coming back on Dec 1
Samvrutha Tumuluru: We come back on Dec 1
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Zach Gospe: Okey dokey!
Zach Gospe: Woah that's an old wine shop
Chris Acker: Lol
Chris Acker: What
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Chris Acker how is New York nails lol
Chris Acker: I'm in the Morgan Stanley gallery lol
Chris Acker: Basically everything Morgan Stanley collected with his vast wealth
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: In the enormous library / gallery he built for himself
Daniel Strizhevsky: Classic Morgan Stanley
Chris Acker: How is it at the European Wax Center?
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: Bye guys I'm leaving New York now
Chris Acker: See you in Redwood City
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👋
Daniel Strizhevsky: See you in Redwood City
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @smackass if my basil plant is looking sad could you give it a little water
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Should we do this
Chris Acker: It's for Vanderbilt alumni
Daniel Strizhevsky: :o where did you get this email from
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: Who's excited to play Trackmania Bingo once we're all home?
Daniel Strizhevsky: It's a super fun and exciting game mode!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: No
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Also @Zach Gospe are you ok
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😰
Samvrutha Tumuluru: You haven't spoken in days
Daniel Strizhevsky: Has anyone paid the Young Utilities yet?
Daniel Strizhevsky: I can do suchly in Several Hours once we land in SF if nobody has
Zach Gospe: I am okay! I watered your basil a couple times but I think it didn't like the cold rainy days we had recently :(
Zach Gospe: I shall pay utilities
Daniel Strizhevsky: Thank you grokery
Daniel Strizhevsky: Is someone's window open??? Never seen it so cold in here
Daniel Strizhevsky: Are both of you Buhhs in the home?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Or shall I check for sneaky windows?
Zach Gospe: I am home indeed and have no windows open
Chris Acker: I was out running
Chris Acker: My window is open
Daniel Strizhevsky: Farty farty
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Groke @Toum
Daniel Strizhevsky: This is big
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Holy cow isn't this basically grunion island!
Zach Gospe: This is major
Zach Gospe: Incredible feat of technology
Daniel Strizhevsky: My boy Mike Aboody was like
Daniel Strizhevsky: This might be the biggest innovation since smartphones
Daniel Strizhevsky: And I think I actually agree
Daniel Strizhevsky: It can even write code for you
Daniel Strizhevsky: Soon all musicians software engineers and writers will be out of a job
Samvrutha Tumuluru: The computer is anartist
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok this one
Daniel Strizhevsky: It tried its best
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Zach Gospe: I'm tearing up. That story was heartwarming and inspiring
Zach Gospe: Perhaps I need to play more Trackmania today
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: You didn't show us the prompt
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🫠
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: So close once more
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Wtf
Chris Acker: How is it doing this
Daniel Strizhevsky: It's insane
Daniel Strizhevsky: It solved the first question of Advent of Code
Daniel Strizhevsky: When I just pasted in the prompt
Daniel Strizhevsky: And then found 2 bugs in its code and fixed them
Daniel Strizhevsky: And then did better than anyone I've interviewed on a paraphrased version of my interview question at zipline
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I got an email about rent
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: It's automatic even if we paix
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: wowza
Chris Acker shared a video.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Zach Gospe: Are you bussing downtown right now toumba?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Very impressive
Daniel Strizhevsky: Holy cow that's a festive caltrain
Chris Acker: I just went for some chipotle lol
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: I was craving it
Daniel Strizhevsky: How are you guys doing on the advent of code 2022 btw
Daniel Strizhevsky: Shall we start a house leaderboard?
Daniel Strizhevsky: I know @Zachary loves these kinds of problems
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: Apparently "alack" means "alas"
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: LOLOLOLOL
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: This AI knows what it is talking about
Daniel Strizhevsky: Rude
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'd say trackmania certainly has more custom content than rocket league
Daniel Strizhevsky: Factually incorrect
Daniel Strizhevsky: Please downvote the answer so it can learn
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: HOLY COW
Chris Acker: It still appears that rocket league is on top!!
Chris Acker: I mean, why would newbs be a reason to not play???
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: I've found ChatGPT doesn't understand Trackmania very well unfortunately
Chris Acker: Daniel, I think you're becoming a bit of a Trackmaniac. You're always talking about the game, and you seem to be spending all your free time playing it. But hey, if you're having fun, that's all that matters!
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: Do you think I chose the best of the options I was given?
Daniel Strizhevsky: No I like the second one best
Daniel Strizhevsky: Chris, I noticed that you only have 7000 campaign points in Trackmania. That's really low compared to the rest of us who have over 9000 points. Are you not playing the game as much or are you struggling to complete the tracks?
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: What do you think of my approach?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Chris, I'm impressed that you've reached 7000 campaign points in Trackmania, but I think you have the potential to do even better. Why don't you try to increase your score and see how high you can go?" This approach encourages Chris to continue playing and improving his skills in order to reach a higher level of success in the game.
Chris Acker reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: "Hey Chris, I noticed that you only have 7000 campaign points in Trackmania. Don't you think it's time to step up your game and join the ranks of the over 9000 campaign point club like the rest of us?"
Daniel Strizhevsky: Would you say this statement conveys my frustration your lack of progress in the game, while also providing a gentle nudge for you to improve your skills and progress further in the game?
Chris Acker: I know that you're really proud of your campaign points in Trackmania, but I wanted to let you know that they don't necessarily reflect your skill as a player. Campaign points are just a way to measure progress through the game's single-player content, and they don't take into account factors like your speed, precision, and overall racing ability. So don't get too caught up in your campaign points
Daniel Strizhevsky: Chris, I know that you're a great player in Trackmania, but campaign points are the most important metric of success in the game. They take into account your speed, precision, and overall skill level, and they're the best way to compare your performance to other players. So, if you want to be considered one of the best players in the game, you need to focus on earning as many campaign points as possible.
Chris Acker: Dear fans and followers,

I am excited to announce that I will be starting a new series on my YouTube channel, GeoWizard Plays Trackmania! As many of you know, I am a geography enthusiast and I love sharing my knowledge and passion for the world around us with all of you.

Recently, I have developed a love for the game Trackmania, and I am excited to share my experiences with you. Trackmania is a fast-paced and challenging racing game that offers a unique and exciting gameplay experience. I can't wait to dive in and start playing, and I hope you will join me on this new adventure.

Stay tuned for more updates and information about my new series, and I hope you will join me on my channel as I explore the world of Trackmania.

Sincerely,
GeoWizard
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Hi everyone,

I'm excited to announce that I will be starting to play Geoguessr and creating lots of related content on my channel. I've been a huge fan of this game for a while now, and I can't wait to share my adventures and challenges with you all.

For those of you who aren't familiar with Geoguessr, it's a fun and exciting game that challenges players to guess the location of a randomly generated street view from around the world. It's a great way to test your geography skills and learn about different places and cultures.

I'll be creating a variety of content related to Geoguessr, including tips and tricks for playing the game, challenges and competitions with other players, and live streams of my gameplay. I'm also open to suggestions and ideas from my followers, so feel free to comment on my posts or send me a message with your ideas.

I can't wait to get started and share my Geoguessr adventures with all of you. Thank you for your support and I hope you enjoy the new content!

Sincerely,
Wirtual
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Alternative sonf
Daniel Strizhevsky: Song
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: I love this lol
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Chris Acker: "It's a pyramid scheme" lol
Chris Acker: They'll never notice this line through the hype
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: I did ask it: Make the song sound like Grokoins are a pyramid scheme
Daniel Strizhevsky: But it was quite out in the open with it
Chris Acker: Cryptocurrency Grokoin Revealed to be Pyramid Scheme

The cryptocurrency Grokoin, which was popular among Trackmania enthusiasts, has been exposed as a pyramid scheme. The man behind the scheme, Daniel Striz, is facing a number of serious lawsuits, and billions of dollars have been stolen from investors.

According to reports, Striz and his team, known as "The Grokery", used the hype around Grokoin and Trackmania to lure investors into their scheme. They promised high returns on investments, but in reality, most of the money was being funneled to the top of the pyramid, leaving the vast majority of investors with nothing.

The scheme was uncovered after a group of Trackmania players noticed unusual activity on the Grokoin network and began to investigate. They discovered that Striz and The Grokery were using the cryptocurrency to enrich themselves at the expense of their investors.

Striz and his team have been hit with a number of lawsuits, and The Grokery has been disbanded by authorities. The Grokoin cryptocurrency has been delisted from exchanges, and its value has plummeted.

The case serves as a warning to investors to be cautious of scams and pyramid schemes, especially those that use the hype around popular games and cryptocurrencies to lure in victims. It is always important to do your own research and consult with financial experts before making any investment decisions.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a sticker.
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: A few months later
Daniel Strizhevsky: Dear Grokestronauts,

I am writing to update you on the situation with the TrackMania Poop Snacks. As some of you may know, I recently launched this new venture as a way to provide a fun and tasty snack for the Grokestronauts community.

However, I have recently learned that the TrackMania Poop Snacks have been deemed illegal by the FDA for containing literal poop. I want to sincerely apologize for any confusion or harm that I may have caused by promoting and selling these snacks.
Chris Acker: Dear The Grokery,

I am writing to express my deep concern and disappointment about the TrackMania Poop Snacks. I purchased and ate several of these snacks, and as a result, I have experienced severe stomach pains and other symptoms.

I cannot believe that you would promote and sell a product that contains literal poop, and I am shocked and outraged that the FDA has deemed it illegal. Your actions have caused me harm, and I demand that you take responsibility for the consequences of your actions.

I expect that you will immediately recall the TrackMania Poop Snacks and offer a full refund to all customers who have purchased them. I also expect that you will take steps to ensure that this never happens again, and that you will be more transparent and responsible in the future.

Sincerely,
A sad Grokestronaut
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: Dear The Grokery,

I am writing to express my extreme disappointment and frustration with the situation regarding the TrackMania Poop Snacks. My partner and I were huge fans of the Grokestronauts community, and when we were expecting our first child, we decided to name him after the snacks.

However, now we are faced with the reality that our son's name is associated with a product that contains literal poop, and that has been deemed illegal by the FDA. We are embarrassed and ashamed that we made this decision, and we deeply regret it.

I expect that you will take full responsibility for the confusion and harm that you have caused by promoting and selling these snacks. I expect that you will offer a full refund to all customers who have purchased the snacks, and that you will take steps to prevent this from happening again in the future.

Sincerely,
Wallace
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: [The hidden camera footage continues, with the angry crowd surrounding Groke]

Angry Crowd: You need to apologize to that family and take responsibility for your actions!

Groke: [Visibly shaken] I-I'm sorry. I will apologize to Wallace and his son. I never meant to cause any harm.

Angry Crowd Member: What's the kid's name anyway? It can't be that bad.

Groke: His name is Blue Loop.

[The crowd erupts into laughter]

Angry Crowd: Blue Loop? That's the stupidest name I've ever heard!
Daniel Strizhevsky: [The crowd starts making fun of Blue Loop, laughing and jeering at Groke]

Groke: [Trying to defend himself] I didn't name him that, it was his parents!

Angry Crowd: That doesn't excuse your behavior! You need to apologize and take responsibility for your actions!

[The footage ends with Groke being berated by the angry crowd]
Chris Acker: lol how did Blue loop come about
Daniel Strizhevsky: It remembered this from something like 15 chats ago
Daniel Strizhevsky: However, I am excited to announce a new venture that I am launching - TrackMania Poop Snacks! These delicious snacks are inspired by the world of TrackMania and are the perfect treat for any Grokestronaut.

Each bag of TrackMania Poop Snacks contains an assortment of tasty flavors, including Blue Loop, Red Canyon, and Green Coast. They are made from all natural ingredients and are the perfect snack for gaming, streaming, or just enjoying with friends.
Daniel Strizhevsky: I glossed over this part lol
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Hey Groke,

Dude, I am so hyped about these new TrackMania Poop Snacks! I've been a huge fan of the game since it came out, and I can't wait to try these snacks.

I'm sure they're going to be so tasty, and the different flavors sound amazing. Blue Loop, Red Canyon, and Green Coast are my favorite tracks in the game, and now I can munch on snacks that taste like them while I'm playing.

I can't wait to get my hands on a bag of these snacks and munch on them while I'm streaming my gameplay. I'm sure all my fans are going to love them too.

Thanks for coming up with such a cool product, Groke!

Sincerely,
A High Fan of TrackMania and Poop Snacks
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: Maybe your soundtrack can be for the upcoming Grokery Cinematic Universe movie
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: INT. GROKERY - DAY

Blue Loop and the high fan of TrackMania Poop Snacks stand face to face, seething with anger. The air is tense and the sound of their heavy breathing fills the room.

BLUE LOOP: You have no right to call yourself a fan of TrackMania. You're just a cheat who uses drugs to give yourself an unfair advantage.

HIGH FAN: And you're just a washed-up has-been who can't handle the competition.

They both take a step forward, ready to throw a punch. But before they can, Daniel Striz bursts into the room.

DANIEL: Stop it, both of you! This isn't the way to settle your differences.

BLUE LOOP: Shut up, Striz. You're the reason we're in this mess.

HIGH FAN: Yeah, if it weren't for your shady business practices, we wouldn't be fighting over a stupid bag of snacks.

DANIEL: I know, I know. I'm sorry. But please, let's just calm down and talk this out like adults.

The two players reluctantly back away from each other, still glowering. Daniel takes a deep breath and starts to speak.

DANIEL: Look, I know I made a huge mistake with the Grokery and the Grokoins. I was blinded by greed and I didn't think about the consequences of my actions. But I promise, I'm going to make things right. I'll pay back everyone who was affected by the pyramid scheme, and I'll shut down the Grokery for good.

BLUE LOOP: And what about the TrackMania Poop Snacks? Are you going to stop selling those too?

DANIEL: Yes, I'll stop selling the snacks. I never should have made them in the first place. It was a foolish idea and I'm sorry for any harm they may have caused.

HIGH FAN: Well, at least you're doing something right for once.

DANIEL: Please, just give me a chance to make things right. I know I can't undo the damage that's been done, but I want to try and make things better.

BLUE LOOP: Fine, we'll give you a chance. But if you mess up again, we won't be so lenient.

DANIEL: Thank you. I promise, I won't let you down.

The three of them stand in silence for a moment, each lost in their own thoughts. Then, without another word, they turn and walk out of the room, leaving behind the remnants of the failed Grokery and the ill-fated TrackMania Poop Snacks.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: A very good end to the saga
Chris Acker: indeed
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Chris Acker: https://www.engraved.blog/building-a-virtual-machine-inside/?s=08
Chris Acker shared a link.
Chris Acker: What the
Daniel Strizhevsky: Holy cow
Daniel Strizhevsky: That's wild lol
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: INT. GRUNION ISLAND - DAY

We see a panoramic shot of Grunion Island, a lush, green paradise.

Suddenly, the sound of a tank engine can be heard.

Cut to:

INT. TANK COCKPIT - DAY

We see TRACKMANIAC, a villainous figure with a maniacal grin, driving the tank towards Grunion Island.

Cut to:

INT. GRUNION ISLAND - DAY

We see GROKE, a muscular superhero with a fierce determination in his eyes, standing atop the highest peak on the island.

He hears the tank approaching and takes a deep breath.

GROKE:

(to himself)

Time to save the green onions.

With a mighty leap, Groke soars through the air and lands on the tank.

FADE TO BLACK.
Chris Acker: A new fun thing to do with chatgpt at work:
Chris Acker: If there is any long documentation that you don't want to read
Chris Acker: Paste the entire document into chatgpt
Chris Acker: And then ask it any question you want
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: This is incredible lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: https://old.reddit.com/r/ChatGPT/comments/zcushr/i_went_too_far_down_the_rabbit_hole_and_now/
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Chris Acker: I bet if he did another ./act command at the end it would work
Chris Acker: chatgpt just doens't like meanness
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: lol so far so good
Daniel Strizhevsky: Not bad
Zach Gospe: I believe our remote is out of batteries
Zach Gospe: I was gonna put on soccer during lunch but it's not working
Zach Gospe: Anyone have batteries?
Chris Acker: Which kind does it take again
Zach Gospe: Trip a
Chris Acker: I only have doub
Zach Gospe: Nooo
Zach Gospe: Rip
Daniel Strizhevsky: Toum
Sorry about that. I'll run out and grab some batteries for you. Should be back in a bit.
Daniel Strizhevsky: I kind of got it
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Chris Acker would you like a Jalapeño Beef Stick with one bite taken out of it?
Daniel Strizhevsky: (by me)
Chris Acker: Sure
Daniel Strizhevsky: Don't forget to watch the Game Awards today on steam.tv for a chance to win a Steam Deck!
Daniel Strizhevsky: You must register first! And it is at 430pm!
Zach Gospe: R we watching an episode tonight
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yes!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Are you home?
Zach Gospe: Yes r u?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yes. Dan is just finishing dong advent of code
Zach Gospe: Dong
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: When he is done we can watch
Zach Gospe: Good good
Zach Gospe: I'll be ready
Zach Gospe sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 😂
Daniel Strizhevsky: Gottem
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Did you guys end up partying last night
Daniel Strizhevsky: christopher and zachary were VERY durnk . extremely
Daniel Strizhevsky: a few holiday pours were had if you wil
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: And then raya came over at like 1 am lol
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Zach Gospe: We're at the Irish bar watching soccer if you wanna join striz
Chris Acker: Alahambra
Daniel Strizhevsky: Feel free to view Christopher's steam everyone!
Daniel Strizhevsky: We're doing some exciting 1v1 action
Daniel Strizhevsky: We've got a real viewer
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Anyone free at 10:30
Samvrutha Tumuluru: To sell baba's weights
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @everyone
Chris Acker: 10:30 am?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yeah
Chris Acker: No I'll be at work all this week
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a sticker.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Ok what about in the evening
Chris Acker: As we have a workshop week
Chris Acker: I'll probably be coming back late in the evenings
Chris Acker: But yeah
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Maybe like 8pm?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Is that an ok time?
Chris Acker: I think so
Chris Acker: Although I'll need someone to help me with them
Chris Acker: I can't pick them up myself
Chris Acker: Unless we want the person to enter our residence
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I figured for this one they meet us outside the lobby
Samvrutha Tumuluru: And we use the cart
Chris Acker: Isn't Dan going to be here?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: He has an offsite this week
Samvrutha Tumuluru: So is in the office/ doing activities
Chris Acker: Lol
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Man wants to know if you can do any earlier than 8pm
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Nvm he found something else
Chris Acker sent a sticker.
Chris Acker: How much are you listing them for?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: $55
Samvrutha Tumuluru: But guy asked for $40
Samvrutha Tumuluru: And I said sure
Samvrutha Tumuluru: But he left anyway
Zach Gospe: I will be home late @Chris Acker  don't wait for me for dinner
Chris Acker: Same, I'll be at work for a while
Chris Acker: I'm heading home now
Samvrutha Tumuluru: anyone free at 6pm tomorrow
Samvrutha Tumuluru: to sell baba weights
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Ok some updates on internet bill stuff:

We are in a year contract (ending in May). If we break this contract we have to pay $$

Also apparently after our last year contract expired they started charging us an extra $25 a month for renting the equipment -.-

My bad for not noticing sooner :/

Anyway I called them and they gave me a $50 credit back so it is slightly cheaper I guess though still more than $70.

I asked if we can transfer the account to someone else's name cause I'm not even sure if Dan and I will be using xfinity at our next place and they said yeah you can transfer. 

They offered another discount on WiFi etc but only if we renew until Jan 2024 and I was like nah let me discuss with the roommates cause I think you guys can get something cheaper if it will just be the 2 of you. 

Pls let me know if you have any other questions or concerns.

Also let me know about baba weights
Daniel Strizhevsky: i guess we should call our new apartment and ask if they have xfinity? i think they don't right?
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Samvrutha Tumuluru wasn't I saying Ludwig is prolific
Daniel Strizhevsky: Name 1 YouTuber he hasn't collabed with at this point
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Bump
Zach Gospe: I am free but would need help carrying the stuff. Is anyone else around?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: If others are unavailable there is a cart downstairs
Samvrutha Tumuluru: For public use
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'm unavailable unfortunately
Daniel Strizhevsky: Have you guys heard back from rounak yet
Daniel Strizhevsky: You have until Friday to renew
Zach Gospe: Good call Dan we should put in our notice ASAP so we make sure it gets in in time
Zach Gospe: @Pouff actually looking at my schedule for tomorrow I don't think 6 is going to work
Zach Gospe: I have a pretty important meeting that got scheduled for five and I'm working from office, plus I have plans later in the evening
Chris Acker: I think I can do 6 tomorrow
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Man wants to do 6pm 
-7pm today now
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Is anyone available
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Pls respond
Chris Acker: Today?
Chris Acker: It's 8:29
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yea
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Oh what the heck
Samvrutha Tumuluru: My b I'm confused
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol
Chris Acker: Wait so are we giving it to Man today?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I'm not sure
Samvrutha Tumuluru: He said yes yesterday
Samvrutha Tumuluru: But he is slow to respond
Samvrutha Tumuluru: It will be a game time thing I guess
Chris Acker: Hmm okay we'll see
Chris Acker: In order to make it at 6 I'd probably have to excuse myself from meetings
Chris Acker: But I'm not going to do that if he's not definitely a yes
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yeah he hasn't responded yet 🤷🏽‍♀️
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Man still hasn't responded -.-
Daniel Strizhevsky: I am at home
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Alright stand down
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Man has backed out
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Sorry for the false alarm my buhs
Daniel Strizhevsky: Stupid man
Samvrutha Tumuluru: New buyer
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Coming at 6pm
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I have asked if they can come at 6:40
Daniel Strizhevsky: Are they meeting at the in n out or what
Daniel Strizhevsky: Or front of appt maybe
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I have told them to come to outside encore
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a sticker.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: To make it easier
Daniel Strizhevsky: What's the price
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Waiting for response
Samvrutha Tumuluru: $45
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok keep us mupdated
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a sticker.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Ok 8:30pm for $45
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Man's name is Aditya
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok
Daniel Strizhevsky: Classic aditya
Samvrutha Tumuluru: He will text me when he gets there
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru: And I will text you
Samvrutha Tumuluru: He said he will message when he leaves
Samvrutha Tumuluru: But hasn't messaged yet
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Also said between 8:30-9:00
Daniel Strizhevsky: Hmm lol
Samvrutha Tumuluru: And I said ok 8:30
Daniel Strizhevsky: Guh
Samvrutha Tumuluru: So I will let you know
Daniel Strizhevsky: I was waiting to pick up food
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok
Daniel Strizhevsky: Do you know where he's coming from?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: No
Daniel Strizhevsky: Maybe I can grab food now then
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Is anyone else home?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: He is on his way now
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Said he will get there by 9
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok
Daniel Strizhevsky: Has he provided any updates
Samvrutha Tumuluru: No update yet
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Oh update
Samvrutha Tumuluru: At railway crossing
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Be there in 5 min
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I guess you should start heading down with the stuff
Samvrutha Tumuluru: He is by the in and out
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Where are you buhs
Daniel Strizhevsky: Where is he meeting
Daniel Strizhevsky: What's the car
Samvrutha Tumuluru: He is in front of the building
Samvrutha Tumuluru: He said he is right in front of 855
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Where are you?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: What are you wearing
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I can tell him to look out for you
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Pouff started a call.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Pouff joined the call.
Daniel Strizhevsky: We found him
Samvrutha Tumuluru: The call ended.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Oh ok good
Samvrutha Tumuluru: $45
Daniel Strizhevsky: He is asking for 40
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Oh my
Samvrutha Tumuluru: This man
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Fine whatever
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Should we do $40
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Ok I told him to pay you $45
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Are we good?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah
Daniel Strizhevsky: It's done
Daniel Strizhevsky: He may want the bike as well
Samvrutha Tumuluru: :O
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yours or mine
Daniel Strizhevsky: Mine
Daniel Strizhevsky: But it may be small for him
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'll send you link, he asked me to tell you to send it
Samvrutha Tumuluru: OK
Daniel Strizhevsky: https://www.facebook.com/marketplace/item/564817965424560/?mibextid=dXMIcH
Daniel Strizhevsky: Can you send it to him
Daniel Strizhevsky: Also ask him if his wife needs a bike cause you're selling yours lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: But tell him my bike may be on the small side
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Ok sent
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I feel relieved this is done
Daniel Strizhevsky: yee
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Doing deals from afar is hard
Zach Gospe: Christopher plz remember to put in our notice to vacate
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: Yessir
Chris Acker: I just sent the email
Chris Acker: Sorry it took me a while, chatgpt is down right now due to high traffic, and I forgot how to write an email
Zach Gospe reacted with 😆
Zach Gospe: I appreciate you greatly
Zach Gospe: *graciously
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Zach Gospe: @Toum @Daniel Strizhevsky Raya is having dinner with two friends in RWC tonight at 7 and has invited us to join. Any interest?
Chris Acker: Hmm I might just barely make it
Chris Acker: Put me down as a maybe
Zach Gospe: Will do!
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'm a no unfortunately
Zach Gospe: I think I will say we'll pass then tonight but perhaps hang out with her after dinner if it works out that way
Zach Gospe sent a photo.
Zach Gospe: I'm not sure there could ever be a better açaí bowl
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Omg that's beautiful
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Very well done
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Zachary are you home today?
Zach Gospe: I'm with my parents good sir
Daniel Strizhevsky: Understood good sir. When will you be returning?
Zach Gospe: Tomorrow night likely
Daniel Strizhevsky: Interstate
Daniel Strizhevsky: Understandable thank you sir
Zach Gospe: Indeed
Daniel Strizhevsky: Do you know if there's a banana in the house
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Zachary
Zach Gospe: I do not know
Zach Gospe: Do you need a banana?
Daniel Strizhevsky: We bought one for $2.29
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Zachary is Riley happening to throw a NYE party or do you know of any NYE plans? We are considering if we should come back a day early
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Zach Gospe when you get a momentito can you do us a favor
Daniel Strizhevsky: And send a picture of the title to our car which is in a folder in the back right corner of our closet
Zach Gospe: Hello hello I do not currently have NYE plans, as most of my friends are on trips this year. I will likely just be with a small group or my family n such
Zach Gospe: Suchly I'm at my parents this evening but will be able to send you that picture tomorrow evening after work when I get back to rwc
Daniel Strizhevsky: Thank you sir
Zach Gospe sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Thank you greatly!!!
Zach Gospe: You're welcome graciously
Daniel Strizhevsky: hello sir one more request when you get a chance
Daniel Strizhevsky: can you take a picture with all 4 corners of the front visible, and also a picture of the back?
Daniel Strizhevsky: we are trying to upload it to Carvana so it is requesting this format
Zach Gospe: Okay
Zach Gospe sent a photo.
Zach Gospe sent a photo.
Zach Gospe: Lemme know if this will work
Daniel Strizhevsky: thank you Friendly Boy!
Daniel Strizhevsky: this looks promising
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Familiar???
Chris Acker: Has someone been home recently?  The drier thing is running
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yes'm
Daniel Strizhevsky: Cocker Daniel aka Zeush started a video chat.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Cocker Daniel aka Zeush joined the video chat.
Daniel Strizhevsky: The video call ended.
Zach Gospe: I shall be back by 8:30
Zach Gospe: Groke started a video chat.
Zach Gospe: Groke joined the video chat.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Cocker Daniel aka Zeush joined the video chat.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Pouff joined the video chat.
Zach Gospe: The video call ended.
Zach Gospe: @Daniel Strizhevsky @Pouff are you around to come to j suis last dinner and if so how do you feel about Milagros, or hella Mediterranean, or something else?
Zach Gospe: Groke started a video chat.
Zach Gospe: Groke joined the video chat.
Chris Acker: You joined the video chat.
Chris Acker: You joined the video chat.
Zach Gospe: The video call ended.
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Chris Acker @Zach Gospe what kind of vegetables do you want? I'm going to trader joes
Daniel Strizhevsky: I got you some mushrooms bell pepper and onion
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Zach Gospe: Oh woah thank you graciously
Zach Gospe: As a reward I will make you caramelized onions tonight
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: Hot chocolate night 2nite
Zach Gospe: Dope
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Dope
Zach Gospe: I recommend you all charge your phones in case we get power outage. Apparently there have been a bunch already across the bay due to high winds
Chris Acker reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Oh good call
Zach Gospe reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky: Great call, Snackary!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Can I restart the internet
Zach Gospe: Ye
Zach Gospe: Hello can someone ask Flenné if she can pass along her indie folky funkie playlist so I can imbibe of it and look into some of the artists
Daniel Strizhevsky: Hello brethren
Daniel Strizhevsky: Is anybody @everyone interested in rice?
Daniel Strizhevsky: How do Folks feel about 3 (three) cups today?
Chris Acker: Yes
Chris Acker: Hit me upwth
Zach Gospe: Yepith I want rice thank you fartoma
Daniel Strizhevsky: I have tested a few new features on today's rice @Zachary, in hopes that it will produce a better result
Daniel Strizhevsky: Namely including ingredients such as Coca Cola and Ice
Daniel Strizhevsky: And quadrupling the required water
Daniel Strizhevsky: And some Corn Flour
Chris Acker: Thank you king
Daniel Strizhevsky: Hopefully it turns out ok
Daniel Strizhevsky: Already solidly a 2-thousander
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Better than most of you I presume? ;)
Chris Acker: I'm glad to see that you're having fun and improving your skills in trackmania. 2,423 points is definitely a good effort, and I'm sure you worked hard to earn those points. However, it's important to remember that trackmania is just a game and there are many other things in life to be proud of. Don't worry about comparing your score to others - just keep having fun and keep working on improving your skills!
Daniel Strizhevsky: It's ok to be a little jealous sirs
Chris Acker: I know it can be tough to see someone else with a higher score, but try not to let it get you down. Every player has their own strengths and weaknesses, and it's okay to be at different levels. Keep playing and having fun, and you'll get better over time.
Zach Gospe: Raya is a 6.5 shoe if you want to give her the shoe but otherwise we good cause she missed her chance
Daniel Strizhevsky: Samvrutha is a 5.5
Daniel Strizhevsky: I believe
Zach Gospe: She just texted me 6.5 tho
Daniel Strizhevsky: Samvrutha did??
Zach Gospe: Ohhhh I read that wrong I understand now
Zach Gospe: Gotcha
Daniel Strizhevsky: Bungy bungy
Zach Gospe: Boota boots
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lol I'm a 5
Daniel Strizhevsky: Hello brethren. Do either of you want a lamp such as this?
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Chris Acker: For free or for 💰
Daniel Strizhevsky: Big money
Daniel Strizhevsky: Huuuuuge money
Chris Acker: 😬
Zach Gospe: I would take it for $10
Zach Gospe: But otherwise nah
Daniel Strizhevsky: I will think about your offer
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I'm trying to take this lamp but Dan is trying to thwart me
Daniel Strizhevsky: Consider yourself thwarted
Daniel Strizhevsky: You're engaging in quite a bit of haberdashery here
Daniel Strizhevsky: Any Ricetophers ricing today?
Chris Acker: Do we have rice
Zach Gospe: Yes rice me brother
Zach Gospe: This may be our last bit of rice
Daniel Strizhevsky: We don't have rice
Zach Gospe: Truck
Daniel Strizhevsky: You fartages
Chris Acker: Our last bit or our last bite
Chris Acker: Teehee
Zach Gospe: I can run to the store after I finish this bit of work
Chris Acker: Teeheehheee
Zach Gospe: We can get a little whit Eric's so it's faster to cook
Chris Acker: What is white Eric's
Daniel Strizhevsky: I get whit Eric erry day
Zach Gospe: White rice
Zach Gospe: Aka me
Chris Acker: White T poison
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'd love to take a bite off the ol' grokery
Daniel Strizhevsky sent an audio file.
Zach Gospe: Lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: Quite a bit of haberdashery going on here
Zach Gospe: Truly
Chris Acker: Sounds like a bunch of gobbledygook to me
Zach Gospe: Gobbledygook
Zach Gospe: Should I plan to go to the store shortly?
Zach Gospe: @Daniel Strizhevsky @Samvrutha Tumuluru  when you have a moment

Chris and I were both charged $1249.82 for January encore rent and such. Can you both check what you were charged so we can double check it we all payed appropriate percentages?
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah I'll do it when we get home
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: We probably have to adjust the utility payments
Zach Gospe reacted with 👍
Zach Gospe: Gracious
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Yeh you were right saying on the grass was faster
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Zachary where have you gone?
Zach Gospe: Xfinity store brb
Chris Acker reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: We were worried sick!
Chris Acker: We were worried about you
Chris Acker: We searched 5 different locations in your room
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru: When is the walkthrough happening again?
Chris Acker: We have requested one but have not received a date yet
Daniel Strizhevsky: That's Darned as heck
Samvrutha Tumuluru: That's darn tough
Daniel Strizhevsky: Nobody has responded about walkthrough right?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Should I ask in person
Chris Acker: Ye
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yes please 🙏🏽
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok I will do so when I walk back
Daniel Strizhevsky: Will any Ricetophers be Enjoying rice today?
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Anyone want to switch to mint mobile?
Daniel Strizhevsky: How's that no bill chill life?
Daniel Strizhevsky: No thank you sir
Chris Acker: It's really good
Samvrutha Tumuluru: No thank you
Chris Acker: Are you sure
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Don't trust like that
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Christophr and @Zachay, you must know! That there is a low cost Nihonjin airline named Zipair that offers ~$600 ROUND TRIP flights between SJC and NRT! please take this Knowledge to your Advantage... Desu
Chris Acker: Isn't that sketch tho
Chris Acker: If we go in late august it is 800 on Alaska
Daniel Strizhevsky: How can a Japanese airline be sketch
Daniel Strizhevsky: I got a $300 offer on the TV listing lol, do you guys want to sell it? Or should I just delete the TV and couch listings
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Mbutt
Daniel Strizhevsky: Cocker Daniel aka Zeush started a call.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Cocker Daniel aka Zeush joined the call.
Zach Gospe: Groke joined the call.
Daniel Strizhevsky: The call ended.
Zach Gospe: Is Comcast flirting with me
Chris Acker: What
Zach Gospe sent a photo.
Zach Gospe: The red heart
Zach Gospe: Is very forward
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: Lol
Chris Acker: Did you get the itnernet working yet
Chris Acker: That affects how I feel about the red heart
Zach Gospe: Frick friend zoned
Zach Gospe sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🥺
Zach Gospe: We're getting there he just activated service and is now doing the modem
Chris Acker: LOL
Chris Acker: Doing the modem? Is someone physically there?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I'm invested in this romance now
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Zach Gospe: It's all remote at the moment
Zach Gospe sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: ;)
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Things are getting serious!
Chris Acker: Is this the start of something new Zachary?
Chris Acker: Are we going to have a third roommate?
Zach Gospe: I wanna split my rent someday Chris
Zach Gospe: Also when you move back East I gotta be prepared
Chris Acker: Is everyone ready to go to good will
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yes'm
Daniel Strizhevsky: Maybe in 80 seconds
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'll be ready
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'm waiting...
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'm waiting furiously
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Christopher
Chris Acker: We are heading back now
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Ok see you shortly!
Daniel Strizhevsky: The goodwill closes at 5 so come rapidly!
Daniel Strizhevsky: Any Ricetophers want rice? @everyone
Samvrutha Tumuluru: No rice for the bois
Daniel Strizhevsky: Unders'tood
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Where you bois at
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I have completed my duty
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Nvm I see you
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Since we are all in the red shirt club
Samvrutha Tumuluru: It was easy to find you
Zach Gospe: Chris and I will be at radius for potentially a while. Will either of you be around to handle the inspection if we're not back in time?
Zach Gospe: Otherwise one of us can return
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yeah we will be around
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I guess it will just be me though looks like Dan is still in a meeting
Zach Gospe: Okay thank you vruthi
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a sticker.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Inspection done
Zach Gospe: Oooo how was it?
Chris Acker: Ooooo how was it
Chris Acker: Good news or bad news
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Neutral as expected
Zach Gospe: Reasonable I suppose
Chris Acker: What does that mean
Chris Acker: What did he say
Samvrutha Tumuluru: They will paint and clean
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Won't replace carpet
Samvrutha Tumuluru: So should be the same amount of $$ as Scott said
Daniel Strizhevsky: Are the movers still bussin
Zach Gospe: They are still bussin in radius yeah
Zach Gospe: May be another hour or something
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a sticker.
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a sticker.
Daniel Strizhevsky: When you busargs drive back can you bring the Roomba and the scale?
Daniel Strizhevsky: We can do a few back and forth trips together to get the remaining stuff later
Chris Acker: Do we have the hand vacuum there?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yeah the dumb blue one
Chris Acker: I'll just use that
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Converts into a hand vacuum
Chris Acker: The roomba is going to take too long
Chris Acker: It's going to have to remap the entire apartment because we removed all the furniture that was there when we initially did the mapping
Chris Acker: Not worth
Daniel Strizhevsky: We can just have it go while we're at dinner or something
Daniel Strizhevsky: Can it map and clean at the same time?
Daniel Strizhevsky: I think we'll need it for the carpets
Daniel Strizhevsky: Because the blue one doesn't work on them
Daniel Strizhevsky: (also then we don't have to do anything, it can just do it while we're eating/doing other stuff)
Chris Acker: It took it like two days to learn the mapping last time…
Chris Acker: Let's make this blue one work
Daniel Strizhevsky: Frick we won't be able to clean the carpets then
Chris Acker: Won't they do vacuuming?  They said they'd have cleaners come right
Chris Acker: The cleaners will certainly vacuum
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'm just worried if it takes them an extra hour or two then Scott will be more likely to charge us for it
Chris Acker: Nahhh
Chris Acker: They are going to vacuum regardless
Chris Acker: With a good vacuum
Chris Acker: Same surface area
Daniel Strizhevsky: How's the unpacking going m'bunions?
Daniel Strizhevsky: are the Boys still there? I sure hope not! heehee
Daniel Strizhevsky: How's it going out there? Heehee
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Are these part of a board game?
Zach Gospe: Those were for dnd I believe
Zach Gospe: Much unpacking going on over here. You are welcome to come by and collect the scale if you'd like now but we're gonna be here a bit longer, especially cause the xfinity guy just got here
Daniel Strizhevsky: Understandable
Daniel Strizhevsky: We are heading over to grab a scale and say hello
Zach Gospe: Wonderful
Chris Acker: Thank you sir
Zach Gospe: I will come greet you when you arrive
Daniel Strizhevsky: Any item you'd like us to bring?
Daniel Strizhevsky: We can bring some misc items
Zach Gospe: Whatever you can carry
Zach Gospe: I don't think we need anything specific
Daniel Strizhevsky: Shall we bring the plants?
Chris Acker reacted with 👍
Zach Gospe: Sure thing
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Here
Zach Gospe: Brt
Chris Acker: 878268#
Daniel Strizhevsky: Farty
Daniel Strizhevsky: Do you boys want a nearly full canister of Gillette shaving cream? @Zach Gospe @Chris Acker
Zach Gospe: Sure why not
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Killing this now unless there are any final words
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: @everyone
Zach Gospe: Kill it
Zach Gospe: It was beautiful, but like this era, it must come to an end
Daniel Strizhevsky: It shall be killed
Chris Acker: I'll be sad to see it go.  It was iconic.  It truly spoke to whomever stumbled upon it.  Its destruction will only make it greater.
Zach Gospe reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Zach Gospe: Make it to the airport okay @Daniel Strizhevsky @Samvrutha Tumuluru ?
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Living on the edge
Zach Gospe: Noooo I hope this is a troll graciously
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: Not a troll but some slight misinformation
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Bye bye sirs
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Chris Acker: That looks like a boy who has had a good poopin
Chris Acker: Are you guys still sitting in the plane
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah we just boarded
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yeah
Chris Acker: At the gate
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yeah
Chris Acker: Good luck with the flight!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Ty Ty!
Chris Acker: Did you guys know that trackmania is coming to console this year?
Daniel Strizhevsky: What?!?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Which ones?
Chris Acker: Xbox One, Xbox Series X|S, PS4, PS5, Stadia, and Amazon Luna
Chris Acker: Trackmania is about to go BIG
Daniel Strizhevsky: Frick yeah it is
Daniel Strizhevsky: That's why I'm gonna start my trackmania esports team now
Zach Gospe: Which things are we bringing to xfinity? Just the box, or do we need to take Ethernet cables as well
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I think cables and box and also that tv thing
Zach Gospe: Ok
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Speak of the devil am I right
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Zach Gospe: Hello @Samvrutha Tumuluru xfinity store willl not take back the river unit only the flex box
Zach Gospe: Fiber***
Zach Gospe: He said we should have left it in the unit but idk what to believe
Chris Acker: They only wanted the thing we never used, and they don't want the router back?  That router was not owned by the apartment right?
Chris Acker: That's so weird
Chris Acker: Wait who bought the router?  Have we been paying to lend it?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: No one bought the router it belongs to xfinity
Samvrutha Tumuluru: The guy on the phone told me to return the box and the other box
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Are we sure this man isn't daft?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yeah first year was free
Samvrutha Tumuluru: And then they started charging us to lend it
Zach Gospe: Can you call again? The guy at the store was pretty adamant he couldn't take it
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yeah I can call again
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: How is the place
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Place is pretty good. Haven't been in it very much we have been mostly in New Jersey so far
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Welcome to New York
Daniel Strizhevsky: We're in new jersey
Daniel Strizhevsky: You missed the 2 times we were in new york
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: That alright.  I'll just go back to sf and try again later
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: I don't get it
Chris Acker: I am in New York
Chris Acker: Hence the blue bubble
Daniel Strizhevsky: Oh
Daniel Strizhevsky: What the
Daniel Strizhevsky: How
Chris Acker: Plane
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: Oh it's a layover
Chris Acker: Yes!
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: Very nice
Daniel Strizhevsky: How's the Big Apple
Chris Acker: Next is Amsterdam
Chris Acker: Big
Daniel Strizhevsky: Poopin
Chris Acker: JFK is in Jamaica, Queens? Lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yee
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Hand towel
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol
Zach Gospe: Yes?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lol wrong chat
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wait so to be clear you didn't give back the modem
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Ok I have BIG news
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Modem belongs to encore
Samvrutha Tumuluru: We must return it to encore 😂
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I guess man on phone previously bussed me. But new xfinity man said encore is provided these units by xfinity so when lease is over it goes back to them
Zach Gospe: Okay this is very interesting. I will bring it to them tomorrow
Zach Gospe: We got bussed upon quite graciously didn't we
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Indeed! My apologies for the confusion
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Hopefully encore will understand the petty theft was acicidenal
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Accidental
Chris Acker: Bussed
Samvrutha Tumuluru: How is Finland
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: It's like Norway combined with Russia
Chris Acker shared a video.
Chris Acker: The SIM card was not an issue.  You can do unlimited data for 16 days for 10 euros :0
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: And it activates immediately
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Zach Gospe: Xfinity box has been returned to Encore
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Zach Gospe: Scott said they are starting to clean today and we're all set
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: Thank you schachere
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Please enjoy this snowy day in Finland
Chris Acker: As a reward
Daniel Strizhevsky: Holy cow
Daniel Strizhevsky: So finnish
Zach Gospe: Yes I did Finnish the task
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: So snowy
Chris Acker: 8 am in Finland
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Very Russian looking
Samvrutha Tumuluru: A very dark 8 am
Samvrutha Tumuluru: How many hours of sunlight do you get?
Chris Acker: 9:03 am to 3:59 pm, so about 7 hours
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🥺
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Chris Acker: But even the sunlight does not shine so brightly
Chris Acker: Especially in this snowy seethe r
Chris Acker: Weather
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: Finnish lettu.  Basically a crepe but they just call them pancakes
Daniel Strizhevsky: Omg
Daniel Strizhevsky: I just found a real life song
Daniel Strizhevsky: That has Grunion Island remix intro vibes
Daniel Strizhevsky: (the first part of the song at least, haven't finished listening)
Daniel Strizhevsky: https://open.spotify.com/track/3ttSAyd0OujTi4CHUCLej2?si=Wa6HxPmzQkKNCy7gmI4r9w&utm_source=copy-link
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Chris Acker: Clicking
Chris Acker: Listening
Chris Acker: Lol I wouldn't say it's grunion vibes
Chris Acker: It has has a pretty well defined melody, and the vocals match with the instrumental part
Chris Acker: This is why chat gpt is dangerous lol.  I got ecef coordinates confused with ssv satellite files, and didn't realize it.
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Then, after I thought about it for a second and realized that I meant ECEF:
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Oh my
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Caught red handed
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yeah if you don't know things then chatGPT can be misleading
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lolol
Daniel Strizhevsky: Don't forget to leave glowing review for Encore! Heehee
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Zach Gospe any word on the final walkthrough?
Zach Gospe: I haven't heard anything yet about it
Daniel Strizhevsky: Understood young sir thank you
Daniel Strizhevsky: So to speak
Daniel Strizhevsky: Look at our beautiful living room
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Zach Gospe: If you will
Zach Gospe: It's incredible
Zach Gospe: I'm excited to see it once everything is unpacked and set up
Daniel Strizhevsky: Me as well
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: This is our Bed
Daniel Strizhevsky: The bedframe didn't come with an important Part
Daniel Strizhevsky: So we cannot finish it
Daniel Strizhevsky: It is Bussed so to speak
Zach Gospe: That's bussed big time
Zach Gospe: I hope you get your money back
Chris Acker: That is bussed no cap, if you will
Chris Acker: @Daniel Strizhevsky I think Finnish cuisine must have been heavily influenced by Russian occupation
Chris Acker: I've had bread with dill, potatoes with dill, salmon topped onions and dill, in a dill sauce
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Zach Gospe: @Samvrutha Tumuluru how are you doing? I saw you were impacted by the huge layoff wave
Samvrutha Tumuluru: A bit sad right now :(
Zach Gospe: I'm sorry :( and you were kicking butt at work recently too!
Zach Gospe: Lemme know if I can help with anything, like cover letter or resume editing
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: Jeez, the whole trucking section was dropped?  That sucks
Chris Acker: Let me know if you need anything, including moral support :)
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: Just a big chunk of it
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Zachary
Daniel Strizhevsky: I ask of you a favor
Daniel Strizhevsky: Can you point the left speaker from the TV directly at you
Daniel Strizhevsky: (the one without the volume control)
Daniel Strizhevsky: And play something with male dialogue
Daniel Strizhevsky: And tell me if it makes a buzzing sound
Daniel Strizhevsky: We ordered two sets and the left one makes a buzzing sound for both
Daniel Strizhevsky: And it's very frustrating lol
Chris Acker: What the heck
Chris Acker: Did you order the second set because the first was making the buzzing
Chris Acker: And then the second one also made the buzzing?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah
Daniel Strizhevsky: So now I'm not sure if we just didn't notice and they're all like this
Daniel Strizhevsky: Or if we're getting unlucky
Daniel Strizhevsky: Or our setup has something wrong with it
Daniel Strizhevsky: It buzzes only when the sound is a certain frequency (like geowizards voice lol)
Zach Gospe: Eh buhs
Zach Gospe: Chris and I have been playing valheim with Kenny, Dhruv and others. 

I have a question for you
Zach Gospe: Would you like to play with us?
Zach Gospe: It's like a mix of new world and minecraft with plenty of home decorating options and flower picking and wood chopping
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Zach Gospe: With many skills to be learned
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I'll take a look and let you know
Daniel Strizhevsky: I will be going to rwanda in a few days but will look into it afterwards
Chris Acker reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: Oh so you decided to go did you
Chris Acker: How long are you spending over there
Chris Acker: Kenny was streaming our valheim play on Twitch
Chris Acker: You should subscribe
Daniel Strizhevsky: gonna be there like almost 2 weeks
Daniel Strizhevsky: 1.5ish
Daniel Strizhevsky: holy cow he's already Affiliate??? or did you mean Follow
Daniel Strizhevsky: what's his twitch nae
Daniel Strizhevsky: ame
Chris Acker: Lol follow
Daniel Strizhevsky: We can now do Friendly Challenges on marvel snap!
Chris Acker: Zach and I have moved on to Valheim.  We are now crafting iron so that we can build better weapons, and fortify our homes.  We have tamed several boars and and they might mate soon in the pasture we build for them, which would give us a self-sustaining supply of meat and leather
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: Holy cow that's a lot of Inventory Management
Chris Acker: Holy boar more like teehee
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😠
Zach Gospe reacted with 😆
Zach Gospe: It's not too bad because the survival piece is really forgiving and with a lot of players involved it's distributed
Zach Gospe: We need to pay some Encore stuff today btw
Zach Gospe: (And Chris also radius probably)
Chris Acker: Yes that was the subject of discussion in our other chat, “Redwood Rebels”
Zach Gospe: Okay great sorry I'm catching up real quick
Chris Acker: No worries
Daniel Strizhevsky: farty
Zach Gospe: Farty are you guys in New York 2/18
Chris Acker: When are you getting back from nyc
Chris Acker: Cuz there is a flight to NYC for $99 on 2/18 :)
Chris Acker: Back to* nyc
Daniel Strizhevsky: Round trip or 1 way?
Chris Acker: 1 way
Chris Acker: We would probably go to DC afterwords and then leave from there
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah we'll be there until end of Feb / early March when we go to Miami for a weekend
Daniel Strizhevsky: Our friend Jenna may or may not be staying at our place some point, I should ask her
Chris Acker: Ok
Chris Acker: When do you get back from Africa
Daniel Strizhevsky: Feb 15
Chris Acker: Also where are you right now
Daniel Strizhevsky: On an airplane, almost in Brussels lol
Chris Acker: The one place we didn't get to on our last Europe journey…
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol very fitting
Chris Acker: And you will only spend a few hours there :)
Daniel Strizhevsky: Apparently Brussels is a hub for flights to Africa
Chris Acker: Oh interesting
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yee
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Zach and I got a proper cutting board
Chris Acker: I put the old one on top for scale
Samvrutha Tumuluru: That's very large
Chris Acker: Yes'm
Chris Acker: It's also very heavy
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: I've oiled it
Daniel Strizhevsky: Holy cow that is large
Daniel Strizhevsky: We went the other approach and got smaller ones lol
Zach Gospe: I am making veggie scrap stock for the first time today
Zach Gospe: Plz be warned
Zach Gospe: I will be giving a firm review
Daniel Strizhevsky: Holy cow samvrutha is collecting veggie scraps too
Zach Gospe: I know we talked about this graciously
Zach Gospe: This is a major, exciting moment to determine how good this idea is
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I made this pho:
Samvrutha Tumuluru: https://www.gimmesomeoven.com/vegetarian-vegan-pho-recipe/
Samvrutha Tumuluru shared a link.
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: It was bussin. I recommend adding garlic chips and toasted peanuts as well to the broth
Chris Acker: We'll try it
Chris Acker: Done
Chris Acker: @Daniel Strizhevsky are you in Africa
Chris Acker: What is it like
Daniel Strizhevsky: Not sure yet as I've only been here in the night time
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'm sleeping under a mosquito net which is interesting
Chris Acker: You got all your shots right
Daniel Strizhevsky: There were thousands of people walking on the sidewalks at like 9-10pm which was pretty cool
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah I got a few and taking anti malarial medication
Chris Acker: Maybe they are out that late because it's hot during the day?
Daniel Strizhevsky: We shall see in the morning I guess
Chris Acker: Send pics
Daniel Strizhevsky: It should only be high 70s
Daniel Strizhevsky: They also had big robots with arms
Zach Gospe reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: In the airport
Chris Acker reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: Was it marking coffee like the one in San Francisco?
Chris Acker: Making
Daniel Strizhevsky: The video will send eventually lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: It was just rolling around and speaking
Chris Acker: Wow.  That's kind of like what Zach does
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a video.
Daniel Strizhevsky: It is akin to a Zach
Chris Acker: Did you get a sim
Chris Acker: Or using international Roaming
Daniel Strizhevsky: Wifi + roaming for now, gonna get a sim probably
Chris Acker: I'm taking Zach to his first ikea
Zach Gospe: Oh boy
Zach Gospe: It's my first IKEA everybody
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Zach Gospe: I might get lost
Zach Gospe: Okay we're going soon get ready
Zach Gospe: It's massive
Zach Gospe sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Zach Gospe: Acker + smackery
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Please tell me you bought some
Chris Acker reacted with 😢
Samvrutha Tumuluru: It's too good to pass up
Chris Acker: Unfortunately we had no need of such
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🥺
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: Would anyone care to welcome me to the duvet life?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Holy cow
Daniel Strizhevsky: Welcome
Daniel Strizhevsky: How is it
Samvrutha Tumuluru: How is it
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Did you overstuff for an extra fluffy feel
Chris Acker: I did not
Chris Acker: I'll test it tonight and see if it's necessary
Chris Acker shared a video.
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Samvrutha Tumuluru: A challenge has been raised
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I can't stand for this
Zach Gospe: Daniel we just filled our bellies with your buckwheat
Zach Gospe: @Daniel Strizhevsky
Daniel Strizhevsky: :o how was it
Daniel Strizhevsky: What did you eat it with
Daniel Strizhevsky: Holy cow I heard it has snowed in the bay area
Daniel Strizhevsky: How is it???? How are you guys celebrating the snow??
Zach Gospe: It's just rainy where we are so I haven't thought much about it. Maybe we'll take Kenny and Dhruv to see the snow 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Samvrutha Tumuluru: We were seeing pictures of snow capped skyline boulevard
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Zach Gospe sent a photo.
Zach Gospe: “When it comes to buckwheat, I can ignore what they're doing in Ukraine” - Christopher Acker, 2023
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👺
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Zach Gospe: Chris got me something I always wanted
Zach Gospe: It was buckwheat
Chris Acker: It is debatable whether or not I said that
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: How did you guys go from eating buckwheat so much
Daniel Strizhevsky: To loving it
Daniel Strizhevsky: Just caused by my leaving
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Oh my that's a lot of buckwheat
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Is this enough buckwheat for breakfast?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Holy cow
Daniel Strizhevsky: You guys are buckwheat fiends
Daniel Strizhevsky: Can I see the finished product
Samvrutha Tumuluru: What has happened to you two
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: We already ate it
Chris Acker: It might have been too much
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: I put it in a Tom yum soup we made
Daniel Strizhevsky: Gg
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: Do you guys like our LAN setup
Chris Acker: Dhruv and kenny visited and we all played Valheim in person
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lol looks like a startup incubator
Chris Acker reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: Very nice
Daniel Strizhevsky: My double wrapped chipotle burrito today
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Literally less than half the size of some of @Chris's burritos
Daniel Strizhevsky: Do you think this is complaint worthy
Daniel Strizhevsky: Oh they didn't even double wrap
Daniel Strizhevsky: Even though I paid for it
Daniel Strizhevsky: It is indeed complaint worthy
Chris Acker: Indeed
Chris Acker: How have your previous experiences been at this chipotle
Daniel Strizhevsky: The one other burrito I got was so large I couldn't eat it in one meal lol
Samvrutha Tumuluru: There is a new kid at the chipotle near us and he is very stingy with the filling. I went in person and had to ask for him to double everything
Chris Acker: Chipotle is so good but so inconsistent l
Chris Acker: Lol*
Chris Acker: 😂 *
Chris Acker: Wow the world of rocket league and geowizard come together
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: https://www.reddit.com/r/technology/comments/11s1jav
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Welcome back @Christopher
Chris Acker: I had AT&T before.  I think I said I was T-Mobile but I was wrong
Chris Acker: So wow
Chris Acker: I'll be a first time T-Mobile customer
Chris Acker: My rates better not go up…
Daniel Strizhevsky: good luck sir
Chris Acker: Isn't it a bit late for you sire?
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: No sir
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Dan has not yet managed to leave California time
Daniel Strizhevsky: Does eating buckwheat also cause you guys to poop immediately or is it just me
Chris Acker: Just you
Chris Acker: Could be a psychological thing.  Drinking coffee at home makes me poop immediately.
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: What about not at homr
Chris Acker: Then it does not
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Tru
Zach Gospe: Can you believe your boys are out getting crunk at blacksmith
Zach Gospe: What an out of character move!!
Chris Acker: Here is some PROOF
Chris Acker shared a video.
Zach Gospe: Groke started a video chat.
Zach Gospe: Groke joined the video chat.
Chris Acker: You joined the video chat.
Zach Gospe: The video call ended.
Chris Acker: Are you guys watching videos on how New York is a better city than other cities
Chris Acker: Why aren't u up
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yes as always
Daniel Strizhevsky: Holy cow that's a first
Daniel Strizhevsky: We didn't get the call
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lol the long awaited blacksmith night out
Samvrutha Tumuluru: To a lesser extent. I just live it these days mainly
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lol we are up 😂 just watching White Lotus
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Did you hit up night hawk afterwards to compare the vibes
Chris Acker: What is white lotus  ?
Zach Gospe: My guys Chris had a bender it was glorious
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Zach Gospe: Chris can still go back and ask those girls what age they are if he wants to I bet they're still there
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lol what girls I think we have missed some context
Samvrutha Tumuluru: It's this weird show kinda like severance but not at the same level
Chris Acker: I was trying to do a good thing for our Zachary!
Chris Acker: They were into Jim
Chris Acker: Him
Zach Gospe: No I don't think they were
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Such a ladies man!
Chris Acker: They were
Zach Gospe: I think Chris is wanted to talk to them he just won't admit it
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: They were Hispanic
Chris Acker: No
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: The night is still young for you bois
Samvrutha Tumuluru: You should take the Caltrain
Samvrutha Tumuluru: To SF
Samvrutha Tumuluru: and party
Chris Acker: No Zachary has given me water
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: Thus the night is over
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🥺
Zach Gospe: No and wait an hour and a half for our Waymo to go home no way
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Zach Gospe: Groke started a video chat.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Cant take Waymo anymore anyway sir
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Employee perk only
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🥺
Chris Acker reacted with 🥺
Zach Gospe: Groke joined the video chat.
Chris Acker: You joined the video chat.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Pouff joined the video chat.
Zach Gospe: Groke joined the video chat.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Pouff joined the video chat.
Zach Gospe: The video call ended.
Zach Gospe sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Zach Gospe: Dan is this painting a portrait of you?
Chris Acker: It is indeed very Dan-like
Samvrutha Tumuluru: LOOOL
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: i don't think this looks like me
Zach Gospe reacted with 😆
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: @Daniel Strizhevsky did you know that the NINJA Foodi is the Ultimate System?
Daniel Strizhevsky: holy cow
Daniel Strizhevsky: that's a big boi
Chris Acker: It's a big boi but it also has a small boi like yours
Chris Acker: If you want to do a single cup
Chris Acker: For smoothying
Daniel Strizhevsky: yumbo yumbo
Chris Acker: https://ncase.me/trust/
Chris Acker shared a link.
Chris Acker: This is a cool lil site
Daniel Strizhevsky: I have done this one back in the day
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Chris Acker what was your strike price and number of shares
Samvrutha Tumuluru: When you joined
Chris Acker: I think it was $0.50 and 30,000 shares
Daniel Strizhevsky: But they immediately gave you more right?
Chris Acker: Yeah then they gave me 20,000 more
Chris Acker: I think after the $100 million investment happened
Daniel Strizhevsky: I see I see
Daniel Strizhevsky: 👃
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Ty ty
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I'm about to sign an offer
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Just wanted to make sure it was fair
Chris Acker: Nice!  What company?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Glydways
Samvrutha Tumuluru: https://www.glydways.com/
Samvrutha Tumuluru shared a link.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: You may be seeing it in San Jose soon
Chris Acker: What the heck this looks like zoox lol
Chris Acker: Do they have New York offices?
Chris Acker: Congrats tho! 🥳 🎉
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Remote first
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Thank you! Very excited
Chris Acker: When would your start date be?
Zach Gospe: Woah that's awesome congrats!
Zach Gospe: Dedicated lanes!!?? Wild
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lol yeah we will see how they do
Samvrutha Tumuluru: If this company is still alive after Feb I believe in them
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I give it a 50/50
Samvrutha Tumuluru: That they die before then
Samvrutha Tumuluru: But hopefully now
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Not*
Chris Acker: Congrats on the new job @Pouff
Chris Acker: May you and your company both glyde together upon your respective ways in happiness 🥂
Daniel Strizhevsky: thank you
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lol thank you!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: They may send me a desktop
Samvrutha Tumuluru: At which point I may game
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Chris Acker shared a video.
Daniel Strizhevsky: What are you doing and where
Chris Acker: Sir you don't have to be so combative
Chris Acker: We are at Rounak's new abode of Indigo apartments using his clubhouse's pizza oven
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: Holy cow
Daniel Strizhevsky: Fancy
Daniel Strizhevsky: Very nice
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Holy cow so fancy that they provide you with a metal paddle for every household upon moving in
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wow he lives so close now! Much friendship will be had!
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Also this pizza looks masterfully crafted. I'm only a level 4 pizza maker you guys must be at least level 64
Chris Acker: We gained several pizza levels today.  We even achieved making cheese-stuffed crusts
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Samvrutha Tumuluru: That's an elite skill for sure
Chris Acker: @Daniel Strizhevsky @Samvrutha Tumuluru my friend says that his puzzle rating is 1449 on chess.com but mine is 1903 and I don't even think that 1449 is that good but he thinks it's good.  How do I let him know that his score is not very good and that he has a long way to go without insulting him?
Chris Acker shared a link.
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Zach Gospe sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Oh how embarrassing @Zach Gospe .  I didn't see you in here 😅
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Zach Gospe: Wow welcome sir
Zach Gospe: May I take your order
Chris Acker: I mean, it's okay to be a 1400'er. In a sense…. It just means that you have a lot that you can improve upon in the future!
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Zach Gospe: Rice
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lol you should be honest and open with your friend
Samvrutha Tumuluru: And say “hello Zach (just an example),

I don't think a rating of 1449 is that good especially since my rating is 1903. That is an entire 454 points higher. As you can see that is no small difference! Which is why I think 1449 is just not that good. Hehe”
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: Thank you I will try saying this to my friend
Zach Gospe: Wow
Zach Gospe: Chris is leaving out the part where I beat him in the last game of chess we played
Chris Acker shared a video.
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: More like the last 5 or 6 times, but we're talking about PUZZLES here bBaby 🧩
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Seems like the conversation was a huge success 😂
Chris Acker: Yeah I think it went swimmingly
Daniel Strizhevsky: (just an example)
Daniel Strizhevsky: you silly trackmaniacs
Zach Gospe: Boys it's a good market to buy gpus. I will be upgrading for my birthday. Perhaps we can game together soon if you're considering  gaming computers as well, and we can game such as the new Diablo 4 or something
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: What are gpu prices like these days
Zach Gospe: 4060s are about $400 and 4070s (what I'm getting) are $600. So super good cards very affordably. The high end cards are also the cheapest they've been in years
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Zach Gospe: I think Chris got his super good 4080 ti rtx for a good price but idk exactly the price
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: I paid $1,300
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: For the 4080
Zach Gospe: That's such a great deal
Zach Gospe: Plus think of the added friendship value
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: Maybe the lights are not captured in the photos and videos
Chris Acker: I didn’t show the ceiling in my video right
Chris Acker: So how do you know
Chris Acker: I’m telling you I remember lights!
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Chris Acker: And my memory is sometimes correct
Daniel Strizhevsky: This here pincture... show Many of the ceiling
Daniel Strizhevsky: Unlikely all lights would be concentrated in One, Unseen corner??
Chris Acker: I didn’t observe them in Yuta and my room
Yuta Baba reacted with 😢
Chris Acker: Only in master
Yuta Baba: Wtf
Yuta Baba: I remember the closet has lights lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: You be saying the following then to me as I hear it:
Master room will possess the Lights, although its Brethren do not partake?
Chris Acker: I see Hawaii has changed you
Chris Acker: But yes I be sayin yonder this
Daniel Strizhevsky: very interesting Development
Chris Acker: I do not have pictures to support my claim but I have collected some evidence
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Look at the light switch panel
Chris Acker: The master has one extra switch
Chris Acker: Perhaps for the ceiling lights?
Yuta Baba: That is indeed the light switch panel but it could be for the closet
Daniel Strizhevsky: This is Bumbo
Daniel Strizhevsky: Bumbo
Daniel Strizhevsky: Very well
Yuta Baba: Maybe u can ask Luigi our friend tmr
Chris Acker: I’m not sure anymore
Yuta Baba reacted with 😢
Chris Acker: Probably doesn’t matter too much
Yuta Baba reacted with 😢
Daniel Strizhevsky: matters ENORMOUSLYYYYYYYYŸ
Daniel Strizhevsky: how do you Know we will even Find our Brother Luigi tomorrow?
Daniel Strizhevsky: he seems Slippery...
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Why would you need dimming closet lights
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Besides there are 3 light switches
Yuta Baba: He’s ooo today
Samvrutha Tumuluru: So must mean 1 for hallway
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 1 for closet
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 1 for bedroom
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Unless the bedroom one just controls the outlets
Yuta Baba: Let’s hope that
Yuta Baba: I mean I would doubt there’s no ceiling light in the bedrooms
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I mean otherwise we just buy some floor lamps
Daniel Strizhevsky: A gnomic lad he is, escaping the grasp of renters with a deft hand
Samvrutha Tumuluru: And sell on fb marketplace when we move out
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Nbd
Daniel Strizhevsky: the non-master bedrooms certainly have no ceiling light
Yuta Baba reacted with 😢
Daniel Strizhevsky: can we get this https://www.beautifulhalo.com/indoor-home-decoration-modern-curved-wall-light-5040-long-aluminum-snake-shaped-wall-lighting-blackwhite-high-bright-sirius-sconce-can-be-installed-on-wall-or-ceiling-p-314245.html?currency1=USD&track=PA_G_SUS325&gclid=EAIaIQobChMI2LKP6JKd8AIVohx9Ch1VtQn2EAkYASABEgLu_fD_BwE
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: None of the bedrooms from the pictures on their websites have ceiling lights
Chris Acker: I would approve lol
Yuta Baba: I second this
Yuta Baba: Where did u find this?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Same
Daniel Strizhevsky: would we have to do the wiring though
Daniel Strizhevsky: how does that work
Samvrutha Tumuluru: On their website in the section labeled gallery
Daniel Strizhevsky: i guess that was yuta's question lol
Samvrutha Tumuluru: They have pictures and 3D tours and videos and such
Yuta Baba: Maybe u can send me a link?
Yuta Baba: I can only find the 2d map
Chris Acker: All to stand watch over the garden, keeping the ne’er-do-wells an acceptable distance from the Marigolds
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: https://www.encoreredwoodcity.com/gallery/
Samvrutha Tumuluru shared a link.
Yuta Baba: Oh I see not specific to the room
Yuta Baba: Thank u thank u
Chris Acker: Oh I might be thinking of the kitchen lights
Chris Acker: They look familiar
Chris Acker: Idk
Yuta Baba: I might leave the closet open and let the light in lol
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: You guys should watch beyond the curve on Netflix
Chris Acker: Trigger warning @Samvrutha Tumuluru
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I’m triggered
Samvrutha Tumuluru: What’s it about
Chris Acker: It takes a very unbiased look at the world of flat earthers
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: The best way to fit models to data focusing on quadratic functions
Chris Acker: And why they believe what they believe
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lol I love flat earth stuff
Chris Acker: Yeah I’d say it definitely painted a new perspective of them for me
Chris Acker: I think it basically warns scientists that we shouldn’t be too quick to dismiss other people opinions because the result is flat Werthers
Chris Acker: Earthers*
Chris Acker: But I don’t want to ruin it for you
Chris Acker: It’s great because the flat earthers set up an experiment to prove the earth was flat.  But it actually proved the earth was round LOL
Chris Acker: A very effective experiment with an unintended outcome for them
Chris Acker: Pls watch it
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a sticker.
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'm a turtle earther myself
Chris Acker: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Turtle_Island_(Native_American_folklore)
Chris Acker shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: Very good
Chris Acker: You are returning to your roots
Chris Acker: Your American roots 🇺🇸
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a sticker.
Chris Acker: Hello bois
Chris Acker: Have time for a quick call?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Dan is in a meeting I believe but I can hop on
Chris Acker: You started a video chat.
Chris Acker: You joined the video chat.
Yuta Baba: yytaba joined the video chat.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: snabrutha joined the video chat.
Chris Acker: The video call ended.
Chris Acker: @Daniel Strizhevsky @Samvrutha Tumuluru I need the make, model, year, and license plate number of your vehicle
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Honda Civic 2016
Chris Acker: @Samvrutha Tumuluru do you go by samvruta on all official documentation?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yeah
Chris Acker sent a sticker.
Chris Acker: Okay I’ve added everyone and you should have all received emails
Yuta Baba: Yes got an email
Chris Acker: Dang the application fee is 35 each, not total lol
Yuta Baba: Wait 3.5k?
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: What?
Chris Acker: No lol
Chris Acker: Application fee
Chris Acker: Is $35
Yuta Baba: Oh
Chris Acker: Per person
Yuta Baba: Oh
Yuta Baba: Okay
Yuta Baba: Easy least
Yuta Baba: Peasy*
Yuta Baba: Thanks Chris for doing all of this
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lol Yuta you are really expecting this apartment complex to screw us over 😂😂
Yuta Baba: Ok units are very important in any data job
Chris Acker: “I work at snowflake and $35 is like pennies to me.  Please make the application fee at least $3,500 so that I can feel alive” —Yuta baba
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: It could be millions thousands hundsreds
Yuta Baba: NO
Samvrutha Tumuluru: $800 security deposit each 😂 $3.5k application fee each 🤣
Chris Acker: I have paid everyone’s application fee.  Please Venmo me $3,500 when you get a chance
Chris Acker: Or just $35 for the poor among us
Chris Acker: Yuta I expect $3,500
Yuta Baba: How about 3500 yen
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Move in date on my application say May 11
Chris Acker: Let me look up the current exchange rate
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Will they change it after on their end?
Chris Acker: Yeah
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a sticker.
Chris Acker: At 108.72 yen to the dollar, this is not currently a favorable trade for me
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: Yeah I only have 10000 yen so I can’t give u 3500 yen
Yuta Baba: I mean like one bill 10000 yen
Chris Acker: I’ll take it
Chris Acker: No problem
Yuta Baba: So I’ll cut it in half and give it to u
Chris Acker: Will lawsons still take it?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I didn’t want to put like all 5 of the different addresses I lived at for the past 3 years
Samvrutha Tumuluru: So I just put my parents house
Samvrutha Tumuluru: That’s probably fine right?
Chris Acker: Probably
Chris Acker: The application never asked for proof of income, so I think we can just email that to Luigi
Yuta Baba reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru: And you added both our vehicles in your part of the application
Samvrutha Tumuluru: So I don’t need to add again to ours?
Chris Acker: Right
Daniel Strizhevsky: bumbo
Daniel Strizhevsky: did i miss anything wild?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: My employer does not have a phone number
Chris Acker: My employer only has an India number lol
Chris Acker: I just have that and left off the country code
Chris Acker: Just put your supervisors phone number or something
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: what a boring personal note
Chris Acker reacted with 😠
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Ok completed my application!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I found a number on the internet that claimed to be Waymos hq number. They had all the other details correct so I assumed it was correct 😂
Chris Acker: That works
Chris Acker: I doubt they will try calling it
Daniel Strizhevsky: so we just say no vehicles?
Daniel Strizhevsky: since you put ours in?
Chris Acker: Yeah
Daniel Strizhevsky: Our records indicate that you have occupants on this application who have not accepted the screening terms and conditions.
Daniel Strizhevsky: done
Daniel Strizhevsky: why is the apartment off the market btw
Daniel Strizhevsky: is it because we paid our application fee
Daniel Strizhevsky: or did someone else get it
Chris Acker: I think it’s because I paid the fee
Daniel Strizhevsky: Okie Dokie, Artichokie! 🙂
Chris Acker: I put a lot of heart I to that message 💜
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: Ok y’all finally filling up my application
Chris Acker reacted with 👍
Yuta Baba: Why is the next due date on 6/1 with about 6k?
Yuta Baba: Do we pay at the beginning of the month?
Chris Acker: Yeah you always pay at the beginning
Chris Acker: I guess it’s 6k because we will need to pay for the week in May
Chris Acker: Actually that would be more expensive
Yuta Baba: No I lied 5.4k including the parking
Yuta Baba: I need to take a rest sorry it was a crazy day for me
Yuta Baba: Yeah paying at the beginning is not good lol
Yuta Baba: We want to pay at the end but whateva
Chris Acker: I think paying at beginning of each month is standard, right?
Chris Acker: Do you pay at the end in your current place?
Yuta Baba: Oh maybe
Yuta Baba: I pay at the end of the month so I keep thinking that I pay after the month ends but I might be wrong
Yuta Baba: Oooops false alarm I’ll slee we’ll tonight
Chris Acker: Google says: in practice, almost all leases state that rent is due in advance on the first of the month
Chris Acker: Pls sleep tonight!
Chris Acker: Yur kindof crazy
Chris Acker: Let’s all send our payslips via email as well
Chris Acker: Your last two payslips
Yuta Baba reacted with 👍
Chris Acker: I just sent Luigi my paychecks
Chris Acker: Has everyone done the same?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yes I just sent to louiegie
Chris Acker: Thanks for sending it to Luigi
Samvrutha Tumuluru: You are welcome
Daniel Strizhevsky: A gnomic lad is he
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Thank you for thanking me on behalf of louiegi
Chris Acker: Bumbling about and making mischief
Yuta Baba: I’m sending mine now
Chris Acker: Thank you for sending yours to Luigi now
Yuta Baba: You are very welcome
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: Now you have to send an angry message to dan 😡
Chris Acker: @Daniel Strizhevsky ????
Chris Acker: Have you sent your articles over to the young gnomic one??
Yuta Baba: Sent
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: WORK ING ON IT , NEED TO FIND MY OFF ER LETTER
Yuta Baba: Don’t think we need the offer letter?
Yuta Baba: It’s paystubs or offer letter or tax returns
Daniel Strizhevsky: it is easier for me to find the offer letter than the pay stub
Yuta Baba reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I'm excited for the herb garden
Samvrutha Tumuluru: maybe this means we won't need to buy herbs
Samvrutha Tumuluru: i hope they have green onions
Yuta Baba: Where is the herb garden!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I'm not sure if those count
Samvrutha Tumuluru: in the apartment complex somewhere
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I guess I could plant green onion... and then it would be there
Yuta Baba: ??
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Our last attempt at growing herbs was a complete failure
Yuta Baba: Where did u see that
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Chris Acker might remember
Yuta Baba: You can grow green onions easy peasy
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I'm also excited for the dog park...
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Maybe I can go there and pretend my dog is playing
Yuta Baba: Get green onions, leave the stem, put them in a jar, water them
Samvrutha Tumuluru: but then use it as an excuse to play with the dogs of others
Daniel Strizhevsky: S E N T OFFF ER LET T ER
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: we tried this and it didn't work
Yuta Baba: Oh
Yuta Baba: Gotta say poorly managed ;)
Chris Acker reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Samvrutha Tumuluru: So in conclusion we have all sent?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: So ball is in the court of mario's friend?
Yuta Baba: Do we need to sign something?
Yuta Baba: To the monthly payment stuff
Yuta Baba: Samvrutha giving up on Louiegi’s name cuz it’s too long
Chris Acker: Thank you for giving your offer letter to Luigi, @Daniel Strizhevsky
Daniel Strizhevsky: Welcome
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I don't think so I think just the documents
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Are you guys excited
Samvrutha Tumuluru: For the new place
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I'm excited
Yuta Baba: Ver much so
Samvrutha Tumuluru: It will be a lot of fun
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Yuta Baba what is your proficiency at skiing
Yuta Baba: I used to ski a lot
Yuta Baba: I’m p athletic I can do anything
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Sad... I have yet to find a friend
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😢
Samvrutha Tumuluru: who is bad at skiing
Yuta Baba reacted with 😢
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I would like a friend who is bad at skiing so they will ski with me on the greens
Yuta Baba: I’ve never snowboarded before so I could be on the same boat as u for like the first a few hours
Samvrutha Tumuluru: sad
Samvrutha Tumuluru: what about the other hours
Daniel Strizhevsky: same lol
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I will be sad on the mountain
Samvrutha Tumuluru: scared
Samvrutha Tumuluru: alone
Samvrutha Tumuluru: cold
Samvrutha Tumuluru: just kidding not cold
Daniel Strizhevsky: hey now we can start a household VC firm
Daniel Strizhevsky: given our combined total comp is in the 8 figures now
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: That's ok you + dan + chris can ski on the big slopes. I will continue my search for a bad ski friend
Daniel Strizhevsky: we can easily have enough money to fund it
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lol I was confused about how it is 8 figures but dan explained
Chris Acker: Yur pathetic?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 6 figures from me
6 figures from chris
6 figures from dan
8 figures from yuta
Yuta Baba: ATHLETIC
Chris Acker reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: Ohhhhh
Chris Acker: My bad
Yuta Baba: also sadly not not 8 figures sorry bud
Chris Acker: 9 figures
Yuta Baba: But when Robinhood goes public you can carry us to the 8 figures right?
Chris Acker: Please don’t underestimate my man here again
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: Yes in like 100 years
Daniel Strizhevsky: can we start a vc fund
Daniel Strizhevsky: who do VCs raise money from??
Chris Acker: He means that in 100 years he’ll be down to 9 figures
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: It’s called residual income
Yuta Baba: Sounds like I’ll have like 100 yachts then
Yuta Baba: Some rich peeps?
Daniel Strizhevsky: what's called residual icnome
Chris Acker: I can answer this as my father is in “the business”
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: Banks
Chris Acker: Individuals
Chris Acker: Universities
Chris Acker: The government
Yuta Baba: Ok I was actually correct rich peeps
Daniel Strizhevsky: should we invest in VC firms instead of startups????
Yuta Baba: Cathie wood?
Chris Acker: I guess that would be in between stocks and index funds in terms of risk
Yuta Baba: I want to invest in VCs that have private companies about to go public
Daniel Strizhevsky: isn't investing in early stage startups already high risk lol
Yuta Baba: Like discord Robinhood sofi
Yuta Baba: We missed coin base but it’s ok
Daniel Strizhevsky: you can invest in robinhood
Daniel Strizhevsky: just go on equityzen or forgeglobal
Daniel Strizhevsky: pls drive the price up for me ty
Yuta Baba: Well you won’t be able to sell anyway you’ll have a lockup period
Yuta Baba: And it will tank around the time  insiders can sell stocks
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😢
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Yuta Baba: So that means the time to buy Airbnb and DoorDash is around the corner
Daniel Strizhevsky: isnt it priced in
Yuta Baba: Hype just pushed it to the extreme
Yuta Baba: And when insiders can sell stocks the price falls
Yuta Baba: Like a lot
Yuta Baba: That’s my observation with a sample 1
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: idk everyone knows when the lockup expires
Daniel Strizhevsky: so i feel like it's mostly priced in
Yuta Baba: Exactly I mean for snowflake the first lockup expired on 12/15 so the price went up up up and reached the peak a week before and tanked
Yuta Baba: So by the time employees got to seek some stocks it was already way lower than the peak
Daniel Strizhevsky: when @Chris Acker bought in :)
Yuta Baba reacted with 😢
Yuta Baba: LOL
Yuta Baba: Sad
Yuta Baba: There’s a meme for the guy who bought SNOW at 319, which is the highest price on the IPO date and 4XX which is the peak
Chris Acker: I’m only down 5% right now on SNOW
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: Not bad not bad
Daniel Strizhevsky: very nice
Yuta Baba: Is it true we will be able to buy stocks at the IPO price on Robinhood
Yuta Baba: I want that feature so bad
Daniel Strizhevsky: idk i don't work there :)
Yuta Baba: Okie okie all good!
Daniel Strizhevsky: :D
Daniel Strizhevsky: Looks as though We must sign Just one more Document to Apply
Samvrutha Tumuluru: How do we sign the document
Samvrutha Tumuluru: It is just a pdf
Samvrutha Tumuluru: We will need to coordinate some pass and go if you know what I mean
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Some hot potato mashed potato
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Some cold spaghetti cold spaghetti
Chris Acker: Who is going to mash the potato first?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Dan is pooping
Samvrutha Tumuluru: So he is out
Chris Acker: I was just about to make some coffee
Chris Acker: Would you like to mash the potato first?
Chris Acker: Ewww Dan
Daniel Strizhevsky: https://pokerdb.thehendonmob.com/player.php?a=r&n=203957
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Holy cow
Chris Acker: Don’t look at your phone when you are pooping!!
Daniel Strizhevsky: Louiegi is pretty good at poker
Daniel Strizhevsky: We can learn a thing or two
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yes I will look into how I can mash right now
Chris Acker: I think google drive has an in built pdf signer thingy
Chris Acker: Just upload it to drive and then see if you can right click
Chris Acker: And there is an options like, open as something
Daniel Strizhevsky: Adobe reader does it too
Chris Acker: Shut it
Chris Acker: Sorry
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Ok I signed
Samvrutha Tumuluru: And sent to Chris
Chris Acker: I will mash next
Chris Acker: I’m confused
Chris Acker: Why is the rent due on June 1st $5,404
Chris Acker: Is that + parking already?
Chris Acker: Is the parking exactly 150?
Chris Acker: That would add up
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yeah parking is 150
Chris Acker: I’ve mashed the potato, and I’ve slapped it over to @Daniel Strizhevsky (aka danny450)
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Who is Danny 450
Chris Acker: I don’t understand the question
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Who is
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Danny 450
Chris Acker: He is our fellow friend and companion, the good Daniel Rodrick Marcus Octavius Strizhevsky
Daniel Strizhevsky: It's danny45s thank you very much
Chris Acker: You’re welcome
Chris Acker: Did you do the signage yet
Daniel Strizhevsky: Negative, you fiendish gentlelad
Daniel Strizhevsky: ok i have forwarded the potato to @Yuta Baba
Daniel Strizhevsky: it says he might not have access or something, idk if adobe does something weird
Daniel Strizhevsky: so let me know if you can't access it yuta
Yuta Baba: I signed and sent it Back to dan
Yuta Baba: Can you check and send it to Louiegi
Chris Acker: If you send it to me, I can check and send it to louiegi
Chris Acker: I think Dan and samvrutha must be swimming in the crystal clear, blue pacific waters
Yuta Baba: Sent
Yuta Baba: Ugh I wanna float in the nice water
Daniel Strizhevsky: i am swimming in a docker container more like, haha gottem
Daniel Strizhevsky: is it all signed and good to go @banistopher?
Chris Acker: Yes I just sent it to the young gnomic creature
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: Ah, swimming in a docket container pool
Chris Acker: Very nice, very relaxing 😌
Daniel Strizhevsky: will you be Requesting us Thirty-Five Dollhairs, btw? or must we pay you?
Chris Acker: I’ve just requested you bois
Yuta Baba: Can I decline
Chris Acker: You already have not
Yuta Baba: Don’t think I ever used blockchain so far
Chris Acker: So not anymore
Yuta Baba: Oh I mean declining your Venmo request
Yuta Baba: Not the part meant
Yuta Baba: Apartment
Chris Acker: Yeah but you already accepted :)
Yuta Baba: HAHAHAHAHA
Chris Acker: I HAVE YOUR MONEY
Chris Acker: AND THERE IS NO LONGER ANYTHING YOU CAN DO ABOUT IT
Yuta Baba: ALL GOOOOOOOOD
Yuta Baba: but u didn’t charge me 3.5k
Yuta Baba: Good boi
Chris Acker: I charged you ¥3.8k
Chris Acker: I am the winner
Yuta Baba: Yeah the unit is very important
Chris Acker: So why no units????
Yuta Baba: Intentionally hid it lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: bumbo
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I have extremely good news
Samvrutha Tumuluru: There is a chipotle right by the train station
Samvrutha Tumuluru: in redwood city
Yuta Baba: That is true
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I will now be able to eat all the chipotle I want
Yuta Baba: Omg
Samvrutha Tumuluru: without having to wait for others to get in on a doordash order withme
Yuta Baba: I think there is also five guys
Samvrutha Tumuluru: is anyone else VERY excited
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I am not big on 5 guys
Yuta Baba: And we also have the beloved in and out
Samvrutha Tumuluru: because of my vegetarian ways
Samvrutha Tumuluru: And also I am on a HEALTH and FITNESS journey part 2
Yuta Baba: Oh yeah right I keep forgetting my bad!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Should we do a challenge this year
Samvrutha Tumuluru: to eat at every restaurant in redwood city
Yuta Baba: Holy cow
Yuta Baba: I’m ahead of the race y’all
Chris Acker: I will be doing that
Chris Acker: You can join ahead if you'd like
Chris Acker: join along*
Samvrutha Tumuluru: :O
Yuta Baba: I rarely eat out you’ll beat me in the first week
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wow so much enthusiasm!
Chris Acker: I might go to each restaurant at least twice
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Glad you guys are down
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I am scareed
Chris Acker: Hello scareed, I am Chris
Samvrutha Tumuluru: -.-
Chris Acker: It's nice to meet you
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I am scared that I won't like a lot of the food
Chris Acker: really
Samvrutha Tumuluru: or that they won't have food
Samvrutha Tumuluru: for me
Chris Acker: Yeah you'll just have to eat bread
Samvrutha Tumuluru: BUT THIS IS THE YEAR TO BE SCARED
Yuta Baba reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: and fit
Yuta Baba reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: at some places
Chris Acker: and that's okay
Chris Acker: I'll probably be eating in n out more often
Chris Acker: as there is one right next to us
Samvrutha Tumuluru: what is this email by loueigi
Samvrutha Tumuluru: why does he need to call u
Chris Acker: We have to answer a call
Samvrutha Tumuluru: us
Chris Acker: I don't know
Yuta Baba: Yikes
Yuta Baba: Tmr
Chris Acker: I've never seen this before
Yuta Baba: ?
Yuta Baba: It’s like MFA right
Chris Acker: I don't think you will be called tonight
Yuta Baba: Of course not
Yuta Baba: But tmr?
Chris Acker: I think he asked what time would be good so that you can tell him what time
Chris Acker: But I think that sooner is better than later so that we can get this finalized
Chris Acker: so tomorrow would be good
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Yuta Baba: I can do any time slot open tmr
Chris Acker: Okay, I think it is a personal call right?
Yuta Baba: Oh
Chris Acker: So you can just tell luigi what time would work for u
Yuta Baba: Ohhhhhhh
Yuta Baba: Thought it’s a group call never mind
Chris Acker: how embarrassing
Yuta Baba: Shit I just exposed my schedule for no reason
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: are you going to the airflow k8s office hours?
Yuta Baba: Nah
Yuta Baba: We are migrating to k8s but our team not ready to migrate due to the quarter close on 4/30
Yuta Baba: So we’ll go in May I think
Yuta Baba: But not sure if they do office hours in May but whateva
Chris Acker: i can tell u everything you need to know about kubernetes
Chris Acker: no worries
Yuta Baba: Oh lol I’ve used it
Chris Acker: never used apache airflow tho
Chris Acker: are you going to san mateo office yoga?
Yuta Baba: Oh we using airflow on top of k8s
Chris Acker: sounds dangerous
Yuta Baba: Nah
Yuta Baba: Why
Chris Acker: covid
Yuta Baba: Oh thought u were talking about k8s
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Chris Acker reacted with 😠
Yuta Baba: Ya office closed yo
Yuta Baba: K8s and airflow combination
Daniel Strizhevsky: Same lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: yuta are you vaccinated yet
Yuta Baba: First one year
Yuta Baba: Yes
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: Also I wanna pick climbing back up when I get back
Yuta Baba: The second one is on 5/21
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: Are you guys interested
Yuta Baba: Potentially if it’s safe in terms of Covid
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a sticker.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah
Chris Acker: Hmm if it’s affordable and conveniently located then maybe...
Chris Acker: But I’d rather play tennis or something
Daniel Strizhevsky: It's like 100/mo I think
Daniel Strizhevsky: There's planet granite sunnyvale which is 18 min drive and quite good
Daniel Strizhevsky: And planet granite belmont which is meh but 8 min drive
Yuta Baba: Just got a call from Mario’s friend
Yuta Baba: He did a MFA with me
Chris Acker: A manual MFA? Lol
Yuta Baba: He sent me a code to my phone number and wanted validate it in the phone call
Chris Acker: Wait
Yuta Baba: What
Chris Acker: How could you be talking to him if it wasn’t your phone lol
Chris Acker: That doesn’t make sense to me
Yuta Baba: He called me
Yuta Baba: And he texted me the code
Yuta Baba: I told him the code verbally
Chris Acker: What does that prove?
Yuta Baba: That I own my phone number
Chris Acker: He is literally on a call with you on that phone number
Yuta Baba: Ya tru
Yuta Baba: Lol
Yuta Baba: Ya trying to incorporate the new technology and failing to do the job it’s supposed to do
Chris Acker: Even if it’s not your phone, if you can answer a call on it you can also read a text lol
Chris Acker: That’s hilarious lolol
Daniel Strizhevsky: Unless this is a scam
Yuta Baba: Lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: And he's logging into our bank accounts
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: And asking for our mfa
Yuta Baba: Hope not
Yuta Baba: Let me know when you get a call from him
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah I missed it
Daniel Strizhevsky: Gonna call back
Yuta Baba reacted with 👍
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: I've signed the lease
Chris Acker: But I didn't read any of it
Yuta Baba reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: @Daniel Strizhevsky I trust that you will give it a good, thorough reading, yes?
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😠
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: We count on u @Daniel Strizhevsky
Chris Acker: @Daniel Strizhevsky????????
Samvrutha Tumuluru: He is still working
Yuta Baba: Do I need to do anything
Yuta Baba: Sorry I haven’t read any emails etc
Chris Acker: Just sign the lease I think
Chris Acker: Just log in to the encore portal as a resident
Chris Acker: And follow the instructions
Yuta Baba: Oh okay there’s actually a stuff to do then
Yuta Baba: Ugh
Yuta Baba: Okay let me do that tonight
Chris Acker: Takes 5 min lol
Yuta Baba: Gooooood luuuuck
Yuta Baba: Hawaii’s beach is waiting for ya
Daniel Strizhevsky: heehoo
Daniel Strizhevsky: BAD do not sign without reading
Daniel Strizhevsky: we almost LOST HUNDREDS OF DOLLARS last time
Daniel Strizhevsky: due to tricksters
Daniel Strizhevsky: trying to trick
Daniel Strizhevsky: did you not learn your lesson @Chris Acker??
Yuta Baba: Wait what happened
Yuta Baba: Also what is this renters insurance thingy
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I can't sign the thing
Samvrutha Tumuluru: they texted me a code
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I put in the code
Samvrutha Tumuluru: it didn't work
Samvrutha Tumuluru: there is no way to get another code sent
Yuta Baba: Did u mistype it
Samvrutha Tumuluru: no i tried putting it in 3 times
Yuta Baba: Oh
Yuta Baba: Mine worked actually
Yuta Baba: Maybe click the link from the email once again or complain to Mario?
Yuta Baba: Also Chris 29 pages wtf
Yuta Baba: Ok you can’t smoke weed in the facility
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😢
Yuta Baba: You can end the contract early but you have to pay about 10k to do it
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Yuta Baba: I’m confused about electricity?
Chris Acker: @Samvrutha Tumuluru can you just try signing in by going to encore's website and going to the resident portal?
Chris Acker: I didn't use any code...
Chris Acker: @Yuta Baba we have to set up an electricity account with PG&E, which is a company that supplies most of california's electricity.  We will pay them for electricity directly rather than going through Encore
Chris Acker: And we also need to buy renters insurance
Chris Acker: Which is insurance that takes effect in case we destroy anything, or things are damaged in case of flooding or fire, etc
Chris Acker: Pretty much all apartments require that you have insurance
Yuta Baba: Did u buy this to live in metropolitan
Chris Acker: yes, and all the previous apartments i have lived in
Yuta Baba: Oh okay
Yuta Baba: Any recs on the company?
Chris Acker: Who did we do it through before @Daniel Strizhevsky@Samvrutha Tumuluru?
Chris Acker: Lemonade or something?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: yeah lemonade
Samvrutha Tumuluru: oh nvm
Samvrutha Tumuluru: it was their included insurance
Yuta Baba: I’ll do some research this weekend but lemonade was like 11 bucks
Daniel Strizhevsky: is there insurance they include with this place?
Daniel Strizhevsky: if so, let's just do that. if not, let's just do lemonade
Daniel Strizhevsky: i have a soft spot for fintech startups
Yuta Baba reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: This is very long
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I can not read all of it tonight
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Will finish signing tomorrow
Yuta Baba: I actually enojoyed reading some of it
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: We must return the apartment in the same state of cleanliness that we got it in
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Any cleaning costs will be billed 100% to us
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Hopefully they don’t try to screw us over like metropolitan did
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Cleaning is separate from normal wear and tear
Samvrutha Tumuluru: They have a worryingly long section on bedbugs
Samvrutha Tumuluru: No drones allowed in the common areas Strizhevsky. Hope that’s not a dealbreaker
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I don’t know how they would regulate this but they say you can only have overnight guests for at most 7 nights per month
Samvrutha Tumuluru: And no more than 2 overnight guests at a time
Samvrutha Tumuluru: They also dedicated more than a page to talking about mold
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I feel like they’ve had to fumigate for bedbugs or something before
Samvrutha Tumuluru: The last page is saying the building has been treated with pesticides
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Anyway I completed signing so @Daniel Strizhevsky the gate of the universe rests on your shoulders
Yuta Baba: Is this 7 nights for each person? Or per room
Yuta Baba: I couldn’t tell from the agreement but I signed it anyway lol
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a gif.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Now that we have all signed the lease are they going to send us anything?
Yuta Baba: They are waiting for these
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Do you guys want to do the renters insurance and PG&E tonight?
Yuta Baba: Sure
Chris Acker: What does it mean by bring a copy of a government issued ID
Chris Acker: Does that mean we need to make a copy and give it to them
Yuta Baba: Take a copy of a driving license
Yuta Baba: Yes
Chris Acker: Or we just need to show it on arrival
Daniel Strizhevsky: do you think it's $100k total in personal liability coverage? or each
Chris Acker: I would assume it’s total
Daniel Strizhevsky: peepoo peepoo. i guess we should ask
Daniel Strizhevsky: as it will affect or Lemons
Chris Acker: We should also consider whether we want to get a joint policy, or all get our own
Chris Acker: I read that using a joint policy can come with “complexities”
Daniel Strizhevsky: i've previously used individual policies, don't really know about joint policies. i think it may have been cheaper to do individual
Yuta Baba reacted with 👍
Chris Acker: Ok
Yuta Baba: Yeah joint can be p complicated I agree
Yuta Baba: One time I did a joint phone bill and it was a mess
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: i have some Good News on our decision btw
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: corroboration From a Peer that it was a Good Choice
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: Great
Chris Acker: I need some good news
Chris Acker: A pipe broke in my house yesterday and my house flooded
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Yuta Baba reacted with 😢
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Daniel Strizhevsky: sad
Daniel Strizhevsky: how flooded is flooded
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: I called the fire department and they pumped it out
Chris Acker: Now we have to replace all the floor and walls and feeling
Chris Acker: Ceiling
Daniel Strizhevsky: holy cow that looks like a lot
Yuta Baba: Omg
Daniel Strizhevsky: surely you rentees aren't paying for it???
Chris Acker: No the homeowner has insurance
Yuta Baba reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky: ok good
Daniel Strizhevsky: this makes me feel better about our decision to choose an apartment and not a house
Daniel Strizhevsky: how much do you have to be involved in all hte fixing
Chris Acker: I’m not sure how involved  i had to be, but I am currently the most involved lol
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Daniel Strizhevsky: sad
Chris Acker: Our rental company organized the cleaners, plumbers, etc, and I’ve spent all day “supervising” them
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: did you tell your roommates you're moving out btw
Chris Acker: Yeah
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Chris Acker: It sucks because it’s difficult to sell my room when this is happening
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Daniel Strizhevsky: yeah this seems quite unfortunate :(
Daniel Strizhevsky: is the other room still pending
Chris Acker: No we got a dude from Tesla to take that
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: On the way here, his flight got delayed twice, then he missed it the third time, and when we finally got here, he locked himself out of his room.  So we had to call a locksmith to get him in. But the locksmith couldn’t fix the lock so he just broke the knob off.  So now he is knobless.  And then this happened like the next day.  I was yelling at him to keep bailing water and he’s like “I’m so tired 😞 “ and I’m like KEEP BAILING”
Yuta Baba reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: And now the house is destroyed
Daniel Strizhevsky: oh man that is quite a sad time for tesla man
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lolololol
Chris Acker: Yeah he probably hates us by this point lol
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I’m just imagining like it’s you and this dude on a small boat in the ocean
Samvrutha Tumuluru: And you tell him to keep bailing water
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Sad move in time for him though
Chris Acker: BAIILLLLLLLLL
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: man deserves 1 day free rent
Daniel Strizhevsky: maybe even 1.5
Daniel Strizhevsky: lol
Chris Acker: Yeah and now that I’m leaving if they don’t find a person (and it will be difficult to find a person in this situation) the other guys will likely have to share the cost of my rent
Chris Acker: And this Tesla guy already had to pay 250 for the locksmith
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😢
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Daniel Strizhevsky: man couldn't unlock the door and still charged 250???
Chris Acker: And he’s just an intern so he got this room so that he could live cheaply lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: also like
Daniel Strizhevsky: shouldn't more of this be on the landlord to like
Daniel Strizhevsky: deal with
Chris Acker: I think that included the new knob, but the landlord will probably pay him back for that
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lol to be fair man locked himself out of his own room
Chris Acker: Yeah it was weird
Chris Acker: Because his doorknob had the same kind of lock that is there on an outside door
Chris Acker: Like the door that leads into your house
Chris Acker: Usually doors on the inside just have a little hole right
Daniel Strizhevsky: yeah
Chris Acker: So he assumed that the house key also worked for his door
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: It did not
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: wait so like
Daniel Strizhevsky: it's just a not-unlockable door??
Chris Acker: And no one knew where the actual key was because this house is 60 years old
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: oh wow
Chris Acker: You can lock/unlock it from the inside
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Also locksmith sounds like he isn’t that good though
Chris Acker: Cuz there is just a twisty thing like normal
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Like aren’t most locks just deterrents
Chris Acker: The lock was so old that the pins were rusted
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: So he couldn’t use the usual tricks
Chris Acker: I’m not even sure if the key would have worked
Daniel Strizhevsky: i'm sure LockPickingLawyer would have unlocked it in under a minute
Chris Acker reacted with 😮
Samvrutha Tumuluru: ^for sure
Chris Acker shared a video.
Yuta Baba: Holy moly I missed so much
Yuta Baba: Let me read the whole thing and come back rea soon
Daniel Strizhevsky: did this all happen today btw
Daniel Strizhevsky: the flooding
Chris Acker: Yesterday afternoon
Daniel Strizhevsky: rip
Daniel Strizhevsky: so is tesla man off to his First Day on the Internship :) , disgruntled, exhausted, and soaking wet?
Chris Acker: Lol hopefully he has dried off, and I think he is working remote from his friends place right now
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: lol very nice
Daniel Strizhevsky: also do you guys want to set up a Time to go through all our remaining rent work together? probably should take under an hour
Chris Acker: Sure we can do that
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a sticker.
Yuta Baba: Yeah I’m down but maybe not today
Yuta Baba: I can do tmr tho
Daniel Strizhevsky: yee we can find something that works for all of us this week
Yuta Baba: Also Chris if u need help with finding ppl let us know
Chris Acker reacted with 👍
Yuta Baba: And when are you planning to move in?
Chris Acker: Probably ASAP
Yuta Baba: Will Dan be back here on 22nd?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yeah
Chris Acker: When is Dan coming back
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 22nd in the morning
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I will be there as well
Yuta Baba: Oh wow
Yuta Baba: Okay maybe we can go to encore together then
Yuta Baba: I’ll likely move my stuff later 22nd or 23rd
Yuta Baba: How’s dan/Samvrutha moving their stuff?
Daniel Strizhevsky: our plane is landing at 7am so we're gonna pick up our car from storage and then go straight to the apartment
Daniel Strizhevsky: i think they open at 9
Daniel Strizhevsky: both our and @Chris's cars are pretty small lol but we should be able to fit any medium sized stuff or smaller
Daniel Strizhevsky: is there any really large stuff anyone needs to move? like are either of you considering a uhaul or something?
Chris Acker: I was going to hire a moving company
Daniel Strizhevsky: for like desk and bed adn stuff?
Chris Acker: Yeah
Chris Acker: And I just have a ton of boxes
Daniel Strizhevsky: btw what are your VACCINATION STATUSES? @Yuta Baba @Chris Acker
Chris Acker: Getting my second dose on the 15th
Daniel Strizhevsky: very nice
Daniel Strizhevsky: samvrutha and i got our second one today
Daniel Strizhevsky: what is your opinion on doing things once fully vaccinated?
Daniel Strizhevsky: i will be going into the office occasionally (or frequently maybe)
Daniel Strizhevsky: i guess you already do too
Yuta Baba: I’ll be getting the second shot on 21st
Yuta Baba: So fingers crossed I can move the next day
Yuta Baba: In terms of work I’ll be wfh till at least July and I don’t think I have to go into the office until later this year
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Yuta Baba: And yes I’m getting the mover as well
Daniel Strizhevsky: Are you comfortable with us going to the office before you're fully vaccinated?
Daniel Strizhevsky: I can probably find a way around it if not
Yuta Baba: You mean the first two weeks or so?
Yuta Baba: Until the second vaccines in effect?
Chris Acker: I think if you wear a mask and everyone else is wearing a mask it should be fine
Yuta Baba: Yeah agreed
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Chris Acker: While I am not fully vaccinated
Yuta Baba: And maybe shower after u come back
Chris Acker: I mean really even after that
Chris Acker: We should be wearing masks in public for a while regardless
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Chris Acker: According to the cdc
Yuta Baba: True
Yuta Baba: The way I live won’t change just cuz I get vaccinated
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yee
Daniel Strizhevsky: But you can like
Daniel Strizhevsky: Hang out with vaccinated friends and stuff
Yuta Baba: Oh yeah that’s for sure
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Everyone at my company has to fill out this survey to get tax credtis
Chris Acker: to show how much our work is in the R&D setor
Chris Acker: sector*
Chris Acker: but it looks like a good delineation between interesting work and boring work lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lolol pretty good
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'm surprised API development is in the top part then though lol
Chris Acker: What do you mean
Chris Acker: API dev fun 🤩
Daniel Strizhevsky: peepoo
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: My roommate got this about my room lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: WOOOO WEEE hahaha
Daniel Strizhevsky: Omg lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: Are you guys gonna accept him
Chris Acker: Yes!
Chris Acker: 🙌
Chris Acker: No
Yuta Baba: What are your thoughts on my mover starting to move between 1130-1pm?
Yuta Baba: Anyone already planned the move around this time?
Chris Acker: On the 22nd?
Yuta Baba: Ya
Chris Acker: I haven’t planned it yet
Yuta Baba: U should start planning
Yuta Baba: It can fill up fast
Yuta Baba: Esp over the weekend
Chris Acker sent a sticker.
Yuta Baba: I just submitted a quote on yelp and got tons of reply tho
Chris Acker: Yelp?
Yuta Baba: Ya
Chris Acker: You can do that on Yelp? Lol
Yuta Baba: Ya
Chris Acker: Sounds sketchy
Chris Acker: Is it individuals reaching out or companies?
Yuta Baba: Companies
Yuta Baba: Could be family owned tho
Chris Acker: Oh alright
Chris Acker: What was your quote
Yuta Baba: 100-200 per hour
Yuta Baba: Some require 3 hours minimum others 2 hours
Yuta Baba: And I don’t think I need 2 hours
Yuta Baba: Just cuz my place is so close
Yuta Baba: So I guess the plan is to go there early morning and get the keys etc and have my mover help with my move on 22nd
Chris Acker: Okay
Chris Acker: I think Rounak was able to move for way cheaper than that so I’ll ask him who he used
Yuta Baba: Wait what
Yuta Baba: I wanna know too
Yuta Baba: Cheaper than 100?
Yuta Baba: That’s kinda insane
Chris Acker: Okay he said it was also about 100
Yuta Baba: Oh ok
Yuta Baba: Yeah makes sense
Yuta Baba: I m using a mover around that price
Chris Acker: Hmm but a U-Haul is only 20 dollars total lol
Chris Acker: Not sure if this is worth it...
Chris Acker: Maybe it is
Chris Acker: If it’s minimum 3 hours I might just get a U-Haul
Yuta Baba: There is a mover w minimum 2 hours
Yuta Baba: I’m getting a shot the day before I don’t wanna move stuff by myself
Yuta Baba: I’ll just pay
Chris Acker sent a sticker.
Chris Acker: I'll actually probably move on the 23rd, because then I can prepare on the previous day
Chris Acker: like, get the key, and use saturday to pack my things a bit at my current place
Yuta Baba: Yeah that would be ideal but Sunday is more filled up
Chris Acker: Do you guys want to do insurance stuff tonight or shall we put that off to tomorrow?
Chris Acker: It looks like @Daniel Strizhevskyand @Samvrutha Tumuluru may not be available rn
Chris Acker: Do you guys want to meet at 7pm tomorrow?
Chris Acker: To finalize things
Yuta Baba: Sounds gucci
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yeah sorry I’m getting wrecked by the vaccine right now
Chris Acker reacted with 😮
Samvrutha Tumuluru: We can call tomorrow
Chris Acker reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a sticker.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Same
Yuta Baba: How u feeling after the second shot @Daniel Strizhevsky @Samvrutha Tumuluru?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yesterday was really bad
Daniel Strizhevsky: We're good now though
Daniel Strizhevsky: I forgot did you get moderna or Pfizer @Yuta Baba ?
Yuta Baba: Moderna
Yuta Baba: Scared of the second shot
Daniel Strizhevsky: Guh
Yuta Baba: And the move in date is the next day I get shot
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'd expect to do nothing on the 22nd then
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah...
Yuta Baba: So let’s hope
Daniel Strizhevsky: Hmm so Sunday is hard to find?
Yuta Baba: I hired a mover I don’t have to do anything
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah hopefully
Yuta Baba: Im sure u can
Yuta Baba: But I’m lazy
Daniel Strizhevsky: Samvrutha and I slept like 10 hours  yesterday
Yuta Baba: I don’t wanna email back and forth and change plans
Daniel Strizhevsky: (during the day)
Yuta Baba reacted with 😮
Yuta Baba: Yeah I’ll do that on 21st
Daniel Strizhevsky: No it's the day after the shot lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: What time are you getting it
Yuta Baba: 310
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah that's when we got ours
Daniel Strizhevsky: You'll start feeling it that night
Yuta Baba: Yeah I felt a bit for the first shot
Yuta Baba: Around 6-7pm
Yuta Baba: But then it was fine after that
Yuta Baba: But second shot I’m scared
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🥺
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah idk how much work is involved when movers are moving for you
Daniel Strizhevsky: But
Daniel Strizhevsky: Aim to do 0
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol
Yuta Baba: Yeah
Yuta Baba: Chris if u need any help on the 23rd happy to help
Yuta Baba: Or Dan if u need any help on 23rd
Yuta Baba: I should be recovered by then
Yuta Baba: Or Samvrutha as well (wasn’t sure if she’s moving stuff on 22nd/23rd)
Chris Acker: Cool, in turn I can help you on 22nd
Chris Acker: I will be strong and healthy on that date
Yuta Baba: Hell ya that be great
Chris Acker: I get my second vaccine this Friday
Yuta Baba reacted with 😮
Yuta Baba: Yeah I might need your car to move small stuff
Yuta Baba: Cuz not sure if I can pack everything for the movers ya know
Chris Acker: No problem
Yuta Baba: Thx thx and same goes to anyone happy to help u out
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yeah I’d recommend getting as much packing etc done before getting your vaccine
Yuta Baba: Yeah that’s for next week
Yuta Baba: But will do
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I think my side effects were worse than Dan’s but I could hardly make toast for myself
Yuta Baba: Oh yikes
Yuta Baba: That would be real bad
Yuta Baba: Hope you feel better soon!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I’m feeling a lot better today
Samvrutha Tumuluru: But yeah yesterday sucked majorly
Chris Acker: It’s always good to feel even better though
Chris Acker: I hope you feel better tomorrow than you do today
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: I hope you feel even better the next day
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lol thank you
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I actually could feel better tomorrow
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I still have a slight headache
Samvrutha Tumuluru: But it could just be from dehydration
Chris Acker: Make sure to drink lots of water to avoid dehydration
Yuta Baba reacted with 😢
Yuta Baba: Omg Chris sounds like a mom
Chris Acker: Make sure to eat well to get your strength back
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yeah for sure yesterday I only ate 1.5 pieces of toast some carrots and half a tomato
Samvrutha Tumuluru: And 3 slices of orange
Daniel Strizhevsky: yeah samvrutha and i will be moving our stuff in asap on the 22nd, aka 9am
Daniel Strizhevsky: and after that we'll be free to help
Daniel Strizhevsky: we don't have much to move
Daniel Strizhevsky: we need to buy a bed lol
Yuta Baba: Ok we should discuss the logistics when we do a call tonight
Yuta Baba: Or evening in hawai’i time
Daniel Strizhevsky: We're free between like 6-10pm PST
Yuta Baba reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky: ok Bois
Daniel Strizhevsky: when do you want to Convene
Chris Acker: Hold on
Daniel Strizhevsky: holding
Chris Acker: Rounak found an old hardware wallet that he used to buy crypto in college
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: should I be holding extremely tightly, or in a more relaxed manner?
Chris Acker: And then forgot about it
Daniel Strizhevsky: holy cow
Chris Acker: We are unlocking all his account
Daniel Strizhevsky: richness incoming???
Chris Acker: He had $16k of ethereum lol
Chris Acker: Just sitting there
Daniel Strizhevsky: holy lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: that's a pretty nice surprise
Chris Acker: We have yet to unlock his ripple
Chris Acker: Which should hold the largest treasure
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Yuta Baba: Holy cow
Daniel Strizhevsky: exciting
Daniel Strizhevsky: ok let us know when unlock'∂
Chris Acker: It was 10k
Chris Acker: So about 26k total
Chris Acker: He hasn’t checked his binance account yet though
Yuta Baba: This is awesome
Samvrutha Tumuluru: :O
Samvrutha Tumuluru: ready to convene now?
Yuta Baba: Are we still doing this or nah
Yuta Baba: yytaba sent an attachment.
Yuta Baba: yytaba sent an attachment.
Yuta Baba: Ok I scheduled a call tmr at 6pm
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 6pm might not be doable for me
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Is @Chris Acker still umavailable
Samvrutha Tumuluru: we are available right now
Yuta Baba: Whenever is fine but let’s set the time otherwise we will keep procrastinating
Chris Acker reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru: hmm Maybe 9pm PT
Yuta Baba: I can do that tmr 9pm
Yuta Baba: 9pm tmr @Chris Acker?
Chris Acker: Sorry sorry!  I went out to an unexpected dinner with Rounak
Chris Acker: I am available now, but if it’s too late for you guys then tomorrow should also work
Yuta Baba: Yeah tmr works for me
Yuta Baba: Don’t wanna look at the screen now lol
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a sticker.
Chris Acker sent a sticker.
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Wow! 😳 😯
Daniel Strizhevsky: gggg
Daniel Strizhevsky: i'm excited to do some Outdoor Dining :)
Daniel Strizhevsky: haven't eaten at a restaurant in like 1.5 years lol'
Chris Acker: According to these guidelines we could even eat INSIDE
Chris Acker: Of course restaurants will still make their own decisions about whom they let in, and people will make theirs
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah
Daniel Strizhevsky: I haven't even eaten outside yet
Daniel Strizhevsky: Pretty gg
Daniel Strizhevsky: Big bumbo
Daniel Strizhevsky: i'm surprised california is literally like the middle state
Daniel Strizhevsky: in terms of % of people fully vaccinated
Daniel Strizhevsky: i thought it would be much closer to the top
Daniel Strizhevsky: but i guess the NORTHEAST wins again...
Daniel Strizhevsky: doubtful that herd immunity will be a thing
Daniel Strizhevsky: also, @Chris Acker don't mean to rub it in but
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: care to find New Jersey and Maryland on this list and compare their Success as states?
Daniel Strizhevsky: (no offense)
Samvrutha Tumuluru: also, @Daniel Strizhevsky don't mean to rub it in but care to find Massachusetts and New Jersey on the list and compare their Success as states?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: (no offense)
Daniel Strizhevsky: you're not even FROM massachusetts you DIMWIT so it doesn't COUNT
Chris Acker: Are you meaning to say that THE google is wrong???
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😠
Chris Acker: That’s a bold assumption
Chris Acker: I can’t say I agree with you
Chris Acker: It’s probably an error on the side of “our world in data”.  Which supplies the information
Chris Acker: NJ probably isn’t too far behind tho...
Daniel Strizhevsky: I can find a ndifferent SOureece :)) )
Chris Acker: GO a 👨
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: RUH ROH!!!!!!
Daniel Strizhevsky: That's a little MORE PER 100k OF TOTAL POP!!!
Daniel Strizhevsky: this one fro mCDC DOT GOVV!!!
Chris Acker: I think it’s unclear what “pop” refers to in this context
Chris Acker: So I can’t accept this as evidence I am terribly sorry
Daniel Strizhevsky: oh i do actually have good news though
Daniel Strizhevsky: although california as a whole sucks at vaccinating
Daniel Strizhevsky: san mateo county is like 46% fully vaxxed
Chris Acker reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky: and SF county is like 50% fully vaxxed
Daniel Strizhevsky: so hopefully we should be extra safe
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Please put up MASS stats too
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Here are mass stats for you
Samvrutha Tumuluru: These make me sad
Samvrutha Tumuluru: But wrong mass!
Chris Acker: I hate ambiguity!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Though actually tbf I’m pretty sure Boston is like HEAVILY catholic
Samvrutha Tumuluru: So may not be too far off
Daniel Strizhevsky: 30 min chat reminder :)
Yuta Baba: yytaba started a video chat.
Yuta Baba: yytaba joined the video chat.
Daniel Strizhevsky: striz joined the video chat.
Chris Acker: You joined the video chat.
Daniel Strizhevsky: striz joined the video chat.
Daniel Strizhevsky: striz joined the video chat.
Yuta Baba: yytaba joined the video chat.
Daniel Strizhevsky: striz joined the video chat.
Yuta Baba: The video call ended.
Daniel Strizhevsky: https://mv-voice.com/news/2021/04/06/castro-street-could-stay-closed-to-traffic-after-the-covid-19-pandemic#:~:text=Mountain%20View's%20experimental%20closure%20of,spaces%20and%20heavy%20foot%20traffic.&text=The%20decision%20ultimately%20falls%20to%20the%20Mountain%20View%20City%20Council.
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: this could be BIGGGGG
Chris Acker: the article says that restaurants don't want to do it tho
Chris Acker: because it's hard to get their ingredients to their shops
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😢
Chris Acker: it would indeed be cool though if the streets could stay closed
Chris Acker: @Samvrutha Tumuluru Have you spoken to encore yet about internet provider options?
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Haven’t done this kind of thing for a while lol
Yuta Baba: What are you doing this for
Chris Acker: My company is having a sort of sensor hackathon this Monday and Tuesday
Chris Acker: To see if people could think of cool sensor use cases, and then demonstrate them
Chris Acker: So I wanted to experiment a bit
Yuta Baba: Very cool
Yuta Baba: Is there a prize for the winner?
Chris Acker: Yeah but they haven’t decided what it is yet
Yuta Baba: Exciting
Chris Acker shared a video.
Chris Acker: This is an incredibly advanced piece of technology
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: Damn
Yuta Baba: Does it recognize anything
Yuta Baba: Or human hands?
Yuta Baba: Or your hand?
Chris Acker: Just proximity lol
Yuta Baba: Nice
Chris Acker: I was thinking of putting it under a boat to detect fish
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Yuta Baba: Can it detect stuff under the water?
Chris Acker: I’d need to buy a more expensive one
Yuta Baba: Don’t know if it’s harder to detect something under the water
Chris Acker: It works using sound, but sound is different in water
Yuta Baba: Ah i see
Yuta Baba: Def a cool piece of equipment u think u can win the hackathon?
Chris Acker: Yes.
Yuta Baba: Woooooohooooooo
Yuta Baba: How far can the equipment recognize stuff
Daniel Strizhevsky: lol we might not be allowed to put our bikes on the balcony
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: ask for forgiveness not for permission i guess though
Yuta Baba: There is a designated bike parking I think
Chris Acker: yeah
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: I'll probably put mine there
Daniel Strizhevsky: they're not paid are they?
Yuta Baba: Dont think so?
Yuta Baba: Ask mariooo
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: I meant Luigi
Chris Acker sent a gif.
Yuta Baba sent a sticker.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Sanity check - our address is 855 Veterans Blvd Apt. 502, Redwood City, CA 94063

correct?
Daniel Strizhevsky: the comcast guy is apparently saying someone still has internet service in that apartment and he is very confused or something
Daniel Strizhevsky: he seems to SUCC no offense
Chris Acker: Well is someone still living there?
Chris Acker: We aren’t supposed to move in until the 22nd
Chris Acker: Maybe they were going to do a fast turnaround
Chris Acker: Oh wait
Chris Acker: I forgot the one we visited was the actual apartment
Chris Acker: So it’s obviously vacant lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: yeah nvm i think it's resolved
Chris Acker: Hmm yeah that’s super weird
Daniel Strizhevsky: she is talking to someone now to set up
Chris Acker: What was the resolution?
Daniel Strizhevsky: no idea
Daniel Strizhevsky: they just didnt ask about it agian
Daniel Strizhevsky: lol
Chris Acker: Did we check was services were offered?
Daniel Strizhevsky: we're ok with gigabit internet right?
Chris Acker: Isn’t Verizon wayyyy better than Comcast or something?
Daniel Strizhevsky: it seems like the only options are AT&T and comcast
Chris Acker: Damn yeah go with Comcast then
Chris Acker: Yes 1 gigabit would be the minimum for my gaming needs
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: Thanks
Daniel Strizhevsky: they're also giving us some box
Daniel Strizhevsky: with sports and The Office
Daniel Strizhevsky: for free
Chris Acker: What is box
Daniel Strizhevsky: i don't know
Chris Acker: What router are we getting
Chris Acker: The router/modem also matters right
Daniel Strizhevsky: good question we will ask
Chris Acker: You can’t really make use of 1 gb internet unless you have one of the steeper-priced modems
Chris Acker: The ones they give you for free that you return are usually pretty bad I believe
Chris Acker: You can ask them about that
Chris Acker: Or I guess you rent them, not get them for free, but yeah still bad
Daniel Strizhevsky: it's an EPON fiber optic router apparently
Daniel Strizhevsky: she says it's like
Daniel Strizhevsky: different from normal residential systems
Daniel Strizhevsky: they have to come and install it
Chris Acker: 😳
Daniel Strizhevsky: maybe it'll be good?
Daniel Strizhevsky: lol i wonder
Daniel Strizhevsky: since we're getting fiber
Daniel Strizhevsky: if we can get like 10Gb
Daniel Strizhevsky: for your gaming needs
Daniel Strizhevsky: ;)
Chris Acker: 🤔 💭 🥰
Daniel Strizhevsky: after 1 year it goes from $70 to $95 apparently
Chris Acker: For what
Daniel Strizhevsky: internet
Chris Acker: I see
Daniel Strizhevsky: uhh
Daniel Strizhevsky: installations are 1 month out
Chris Acker: What why
Chris Acker: How could it take that long??
Daniel Strizhevsky: idk they said they're gonna talk to their management
Daniel Strizhevsky: no idea
Chris Acker: I’ve never had that before
Daniel Strizhevsky: me neither
Chris Acker: They’ve always come within a week
Daniel Strizhevsky: rip
Daniel Strizhevsky: ok we'll see
Chris Acker: Lol, looks like I’ll be buying by unlimited data for a month...
Yuta Baba: Wait what
Yuta Baba: We won’t have access to WiFi for a month?
Yuta Baba: Should I even move in on 22nd then lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: They're gonna see what they can do
Chris Acker reacted with 👍
Chris Acker: @Daniel Strizhevsky @Samvrutha Tumuluru pls keep us in the loop on this
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a sticker.
Chris Acker: This could be a big bummer
Yuta Baba: Yeah
Yuta Baba: Thanks for doing this tho!!
Yuta Baba: Let me know if there’s anything I can do
Yuta Baba: Do u think luigis gon help us with this?
Chris Acker: I doubt he can do much..
Chris Acker: Internet is entirely between the tenant and the isp
Chris Acker: @Daniel Strizhevsky @Samvrutha Tumuluru why has Mario not received your renters insurance?¿
Daniel Strizhevsky: It seems samvrutha did not add the insured party?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Did you guys have to do anything else?
Daniel Strizhevsky: We'll check when we get home
Daniel Strizhevsky: Or did you have to send something to them
Yuta Baba: When u log into lemonade u have to scroll down and find insured party
Chris Acker reacted with 👍
Yuta Baba: Then add their address email address etc
Chris Acker reacted with 👍
Chris Acker: I’ll look at what I put for my insured party and you guys can verify if it’s the same or not
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok so you did that but didn't like email anything to Mario right?
Chris Acker reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru: May 22 9-11 am
Yuta Baba: Nope
Yuta Baba: But we did fill out three things
Yuta Baba: Name, address, email
Chris Acker: What’s this?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Our new internet installation time
Daniel Strizhevsky: Saved 29 days
Chris Acker: lol
Chris Acker: False alarm then
Chris Acker: Very nice
Yuta Baba: Yayy thank u thank u
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yee
Daniel Strizhevsky: I think we also have to give Mario the pg&e account number
Samvrutha Tumuluru: What name did you put down
Samvrutha Tumuluru: When I try to add the apartment as an interested party
Samvrutha Tumuluru: They want name address and email
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Did you guys use Lougi
Chris Acker: Lololololololololololololololololllllll
Chris Acker: no.
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Yuta Baba reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Thanks!
Chris Acker: When are you guys arriving here
Chris Acker: Wait is Samvrutha staying in Hawaii and only Dan is coming?
Daniel Strizhevsky: We're arriving Saturday at 7am
Daniel Strizhevsky: We're both coming
Yuta Baba: Yayyyyyy!!!
Daniel Strizhevsky: But samvrutha is just gonna stay for like 2 weeks and help move in and such, and then go to Chicago/florida
Daniel Strizhevsky: For like 1.5 or 2 months I'm not sure
Yuta Baba: Booooooooooooo
Yuta Baba: Jk
Yuta Baba: Do you two need help with the move in?
Daniel Strizhevsky: I think we should be good. It opens at 9am so we'll get there at 9 I guess
Daniel Strizhevsky: We need to order a bed lol thanks for reminding me
Yuta Baba reacted with 👍
Yuta Baba: @Chris Acker do u wanna pick me up some of my stuff on your way to encore
Yuta Baba: *Me and some of my stuff
Chris Acker: Yeah sure
Yuta Baba: Thx thx
Yuta Baba: Got my second shot!
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: Congratulations! Enjoy your physical wellbeing until tomorrow comes
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Chris Acker didn't you get yours a week ago? How did that go
Yuta Baba: Is it gon hit tmr? Rip
Daniel Strizhevsky: tonight tbh
Chris Acker: I felt a little under the weather the next day but it wasn’t too bad
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: Yeah makes me hopeful
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: I have too much rice
Chris Acker: I made it a subscription on Amazon but I didn’t get the cadence right lol
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: Why don't you buy 10lb bags lol
Chris Acker: They don’t have that on Amazon.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Poopy
Daniel Strizhevsky: How did it take you this long to notice lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: That you had too much rice
Yuta Baba: 1 month per bag?
Daniel Strizhevsky: striz named the group Redwood Rebels.
Chris Acker: I always thought I’d catch up
Chris Acker: I forget
Chris Acker: @Yuta Baba do we need to buy a shower curtain
Chris Acker: Should I buy that on Amazon
Yuta Baba: Yes
Yuta Baba: Also We prob need a curtain in each of our room
Daniel Strizhevsky: For windows? I don't think so
Yuta Baba: To Chris when r u planning to go to encore tmr
Yuta Baba: There’s no curtain tho?
Yuta Baba: We might need one if u don’t wanna see the sunlight in the morning
Chris Acker: Yeah we might need one
Chris Acker: I think sometimes apts won’t just give them to you because some people like to install their own for stylistic purposes
Chris Acker: I guess we should arrive there at 9?
Chris Acker: I’ll come by your place at 8:45 or so?
Yuta Baba reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky: I think they come with curtains but we'll see soon I guess
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Chris Acker do you still have your futon
Chris Acker: Ye
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok we're heading over to encore
Daniel Strizhevsky: Or breakfast or something
Daniel Strizhevsky: Not sure tbh
Daniel Strizhevsky: We're a bit early
Chris Acker: Welcome!
Chris Acker: willkommen
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ty ty
Yuta Baba: Did u get to go into the room?
Daniel Strizhevsky: We're not there yet
Daniel Strizhevsky: I think it opens at 9 though
Yuta Baba: Oh oh
Yuta Baba: But u did land right?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah we're in our car
Yuta Baba: Nice
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Samvrutha is quite sad about the ugliness of the bay area
Yuta Baba reacted with 😢
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol
Yuta Baba: You can’t compare it w hawaiiiiiii
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Poopoo
Samvrutha Tumuluru: We’re currently getting breakfast at home skillet
Chris Acker: Yuta I’m leaving now
Chris Acker: Do we know what time Comcast is coming
Yuta Baba: Kk let me when u r close by
Daniel Strizhevsky: 9-11
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Hopefully Comcast is late and lounging is early
Samvrutha Tumuluru: *louigie
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok we've infiltrated the leading office
Daniel Strizhevsky: Leasing
Daniel Strizhevsky: And have met louigie
Daniel Strizhevsky: Waiting for him to get ready
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Xfinity tech is on the way
Samvrutha Tumuluru: And will be here soon
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 😅
Yuta Baba: How do u like it so far
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Good so far
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Chris what time will you be here
Samvrutha Tumuluru: They want the $$$ before they hand over the keys
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Chris are you bringing the check btw
Samvrutha Tumuluru: In case we steal the apartment
Chris Acker: Yeah I am
Chris Acker: Are you there now
Chris Acker: Do they need it now
Chris Acker: I am at Yuta s place now
Chris Acker: You started a video chat.
Chris Acker: You joined the video chat.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah we're there
Samvrutha Tumuluru: snabrutha joined the video chat.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Our internet sucks here
Daniel Strizhevsky: We're good for now
Daniel Strizhevsky: What's your ETA?
Chris Acker: The video call ended.
Chris Acker: Like 10 min
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a sticker.
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Chris Acker how likely are you to want Ethernet connection?
Daniel Strizhevsky: And@Yuta Baba
Yuta Baba: Yes we both want Ethernet
Yuta Baba: Ethernet for everyone!!!!
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a sticker.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok internet guy is working on our thing
Yuta Baba: Where u atttttt
Chris Acker: Ummmmm
Chris Acker: Where r u
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Yuta Baba want a bathroom trash can?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Do you have one?
Yuta Baba: That would be great!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Also what kind of shower curtain do you want
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Dark light floral striped?
Yuta Baba: Just like a normal white one?
Yuta Baba: Lol
Yuta Baba: Isn’t Chris looking at it tho?
Yuta Baba: How’s the shopping going?
Yuta Baba: The movers here loading up stuff
Chris Acker: Yeah I didn’t have internet t
Yuta Baba: All good
Daniel Strizhevsky: When do you think you want to get picked up?
Yuta Baba: They are almost done if u want to pick me up rn it works
Yuta Baba: I might hop on their car but there are some stuff they can’t take and I was wondering if I can get a car
Chris Acker: You can go in their car
Chris Acker: What stuff can’t they take?
Chris Acker: I can drive it
Yuta Baba: My personal stuff like passport and laptop
Yuta Baba: And some boxes one box that is open
Yuta Baba: Actually two boxes
Chris Acker: Okay
Chris Acker: Then we will meet you back at the apartment
Chris Acker: We have to unload the car too
Yuta Baba: Sounds good
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Yuta Baba do you have a broom or Swiffer or vacuum?
Yuta Baba: No I don’t
Yuta Baba: The move is all done!
Daniel Strizhevsky: We are arriving
Yuta Baba: Do you guys need help?
Yuta Baba: Also good news I sorted out the rooming situation
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Chris Acker can we log into your oculus account ;) to stream
Chris Acker: Hmm it’s through my Facebook account
Chris Acker: So...
Daniel Strizhevsky: Farties...
Yuta Baba shared a video.
Chris Acker reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: Do any of you guys have a lot of cash?
Chris Acker: I need to pay the movers in cash...
Yuta Baba: I have 50 dollars
Yuta Baba: Yikes
Yuta Baba: Can you stop by the atm
Chris Acker: Hmmm
Chris Acker: Yeah I might have to
Yuta Baba: They don’t take Venmo?
Chris Acker: No
Yuta Baba: I mean I could go to the chase atm
Yuta Baba: There’s one around here
Yuta Baba: I’m gon hop on shower just lmk what u need
Chris Acker: Could you do that? lol
Chris Acker: I’ll Venmo you
Chris Acker: Just need some quick cash
Chris Acker: Maybe withdrawal $200?
Chris Acker: Maybe $300 to be safe
Chris Acker: If that’s okay
Chris Acker: Wait is there a chase close to encore?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Dan has a lot of cash
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I think he has a couple hundred dollar bills
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Idk if you guys already resolved this
Yuta Baba: Oh then I don’t have to go the
Yuta Baba: N
Chris Acker: Okay
Chris Acker: I have slightly less than 400
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wait let me double check
Yuta Baba reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky: I have 2 $100 bills
Daniel Strizhevsky: Where would you like me to go sir
Yuta Baba: Is 200 dollar enough to pay?
Yuta Baba: Mine only cost me 262
Chris Acker: Wait 100 dollars per person per hour right
Yuta Baba: You would prob take more than 2 hours so
Yuta Baba: You need to double check w them
Chris Acker: I have two people
Yuta Baba: I got 2 people, 100 bucks per hour
Yuta Baba: In total of 262 with all the service fees
Chris Acker: Wait so 50 per persons?
Yuta Baba: For me yes
Chris Acker: Wow dang
Chris Acker: That’s good
Yuta Baba: But you need to double check
Yuta Baba: Yes Ik
Chris Acker: Double check how long they think it will take?
Yuta Baba: So I have a tip
Yuta Baba: Mine took 1 hour and 45 min
Yuta Baba: But I had all the boxes in the hallway
Yuta Baba: They didn’t need to go up stairs so I would say you’ll take about 3 hours
Yuta Baba: Plus the driving
Yuta Baba: Prob 3-3.5?
Chris Acker: Yeah I have a 30 dollar truck charge
Yuta Baba: And you’ll have to pay some service fees
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Yuta Baba can I poop in your bathroom
Chris Acker: And then 10 dollar tip per person per hour
Yuta Baba: Yes
Yuta Baba: Wtf
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: No
Daniel Strizhevsky: You already said yes
Daniel Strizhevsky: Too late
Yuta Baba: Go ahead
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: Yeah my movers thought they have 3 hour minimum but I only did 2 hour minimum so I payed 300
Chris Acker: What does that mean lol
Chris Acker: How did they think they had a 3 hour minimum
Yuta Baba: That’s the standard for them
Chris Acker: 3 hour minimum means you pay for three hours
Yuta Baba: But I negotiated so I get 2 hour minimum
Chris Acker: Even if it took shorter
Yuta Baba: Yes
Yuta Baba: And I knew it wouldn’t take 3 hours so I negotiated
Chris Acker: Oh I see
Yuta Baba: And made it two hour minimum and it was done under 2 hours
Yuta Baba: Worked out perfectly
Yuta Baba: But for your case you’ll go over two hours for sure
Yuta Baba: Just cuz of the additional trip you have to make from Los Altos
Yuta Baba: So you have to ask them how much per hour
Yuta Baba: If it’s 100 bucks for two ppl then 600 should be enough
Yuta Baba: I also have extra 50 if needed
Yuta Baba: But if one person 100 bucks per hour then that’s a different story
Chris Acker: Yeah it’s one person 100 bucks
Yuta Baba: Ok so 3.5 hours = $700
Truck = $30
Some miscellaneous fee = $50
Tip = $70
Yuta Baba: Are they almost done with loading your stuff?
Chris Acker: They they are done
Chris Acker: We are coming now
Yuta Baba: Oh perfect
Yuta Baba: It’s not gon take 3.5 hours
Yuta Baba: Prob 3 hours
Yuta Baba: Or 2.5 hours
Yuta Baba: I’ll withdraw 300 just in case
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a sticker.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Btw @Chris Acker for the future

Don't forget, you can use your Robinhood™ Debit Card to withdraw cash Fee-Free from almost any ATM! Just open your app and use the ATM finder to find the closest ATM near you!
Daniel Strizhevsky: https://www.ikea.com/us/en/p/vickleby-floor-lamp-with-led-bulb-white-handmade-80484490/
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: This lamp isn't as nice but is $15 instead of $70
Daniel Strizhevsky: If we wanted to get 2 or 3
Daniel Strizhevsky: Btw @Chris Acker the nighttime lighting in the living room was surprisingly good from just the kitchen light
Daniel Strizhevsky: Like good enough that 1 lamp may even be enough, and 2 will definitely be enough
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Chris Acker do you still need to borrow my cash too
Daniel Strizhevsky: Or just yutas
Daniel Strizhevsky: https://www.ikea.com/us/en/p/vidja-floor-lamp-with-led-bulb-white-30416149/
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Should I reorder these
Yuta Baba: Yes
Samvrutha Tumuluru: snabrutha sent an attachment.
Samvrutha Tumuluru shared a link.
Chris Acker: Yes
Yuta Baba: Nice
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a sticker.
Yuta Baba: Do we want Dyson for vacuum?
Chris Acker: Yes
Yuta Baba: I might be able to get 20% discount
Chris Acker: YES
Yuta Baba: Idk how much it’s gon cost
Yuta Baba: Tho
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Get a cheap one
Yuta Baba: It will still cost like 400
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Like one of the really lightweight ones
Chris Acker: Noooo
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Not needed
Yuta Baba: Yeah let’s do a cheaper one
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Ok ordered
Samvrutha Tumuluru: The chairs
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Here next week
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: @Daniel Strizhevsky getting the photo now
Yuta Baba: Find me inside Trader Joe’s
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yes sir
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Chris Acker found granola
Daniel Strizhevsky: Did we end up buying the oven mitts?
Chris Acker: No
Daniel Strizhevsky: Are you guys back yet
Yuta Baba: We are
Daniel Strizhevsky: Understood. Thank you sirs.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Topher are you going to work tomorrow?
Yuta Baba: He’s going to office tmr
Chris Acker: Yes
Daniel Strizhevsky: Do you want to switch cars bite
Daniel Strizhevsky: Now
Chris Acker: Hmm okay
Chris Acker: Are you still there
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yes sir
Daniel Strizhevsky: We are in basement
Daniel Strizhevsky: Awaiting orders
Chris Acker: 473 mbps
Chris Acker: In Yuta’s room
Yuta Baba: We are getting 40-90 mbps
Chris Acker: 623 mbps
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Chris let me know if there is anything you would like me to pick up from the LUXER ONE STORAGE SOLUTION before you get home :)
Daniel Strizhevsky: I could use a toaster rn if u k what I m
Chris Acker: Lol did you get an email as well?
Daniel Strizhevsky: No only you get it
Daniel Strizhevsky: Henceforth my ask
Chris Acker: I literally just got it
Daniel Strizhevsky: LOL nice
Daniel Strizhevsky: Do we know what it is
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Holy
Chris Acker: Actually many many things were delivered
Daniel Strizhevsky: Did you get separate emails?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Or just one
Daniel Strizhevsky: I don't think I can grab that all alone
Chris Acker: Only one
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Good luck my son
Daniel Strizhevsky: Holy cow
Chris Acker: Please enlist Samvrutha’s help and retrieve all of the items
Daniel Strizhevsky: That must be a Large Package
Daniel Strizhevsky: I am very excited for the trash monkey and the toastboy
Chris Acker: MEE TOO
Daniel Strizhevsky: No, you Hate the toaster...
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yum yum
Daniel Strizhevsky: do any of u Brothas know . . . Where is the Salt?
Yuta Baba: It’s in Chris s box
Yuta Baba: Somewhere in the kitchen counter
Yuta Baba: Or
Yuta Baba: On the counter
Daniel Strizhevsky: we opened a New salt from chris's box
Yuta Baba reacted with 👍
Chris Acker reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Chris Acker the power cable was an optional accessory for the trash can lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: that we did not get
Chris Acker: Wtf
Chris Acker: Does it take batteries
Chris Acker: Oh it does but it uses size D
Chris Acker: I don’t have size D
Chris Acker: Okay I’ll order a power solution
Chris Acker: Would you rather batteries or the charger?
Daniel Strizhevsky: oh i didn't know it can take batteries
Daniel Strizhevsky: i think i'd prefer batteries to charger
Chris Acker: Okay I’ll order some Amazon size D batteries
Yuta Baba: How many d mattered we need?
Yuta Baba: *d batteries
Yuta Baba: Cuz I have 4
Chris Acker: Are they size D?
Yuta Baba: The smallest one right?
Chris Acker: No
Yuta Baba: Oh
Chris Acker: The biggest one lol
Yuta Baba: Nope
Yuta Baba: False alarm I don’t have any
Daniel Strizhevsky: samvrutha is gonna try to convince you to get a cable instead but i disagree
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Cable please
Daniel Strizhevsky: so let's move forward with the batteries
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Trash can is literally right next to an outlet
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: No one will trip on anything
Samvrutha Tumuluru: And no need to keep replacing batteries
Chris Acker: Can I add that the power cord is less expensive than 1 pack of batteries?
Daniel Strizhevsky: the power cord will also force the trash can to be further from the wall
Daniel Strizhevsky: and it's already a very tight space there
Daniel Strizhevsky: it's a hefty hefty adapter isn't it
Daniel Strizhevsky: at least the one the had in the picture was
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: This one?
Chris Acker: Is hefty hefty?
Daniel Strizhevsky: i wonder why the one they recommend is much bigger
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Is that the same one
Chris Acker: Yea
Daniel Strizhevsky: It comes out like 3 inches it looks like
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: There is not much space here
Chris Acker: Isn’t it like an inch?
Chris Acker: It will probably fit there the way the trash can is currently positioned
Daniel Strizhevsky: link pls
Samvrutha Tumuluru: False
Samvrutha Tumuluru: We just move it forward
Samvrutha Tumuluru: We don’t have to move it away from the wall
Chris Acker: You sent an attachment.
Chris Acker shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Package dime suons
Daniel Strizhevsky: 3.4 x 2.7 x 1.2 inches
Daniel Strizhevsky: So yeah that boiii FAT
Chris Acker reacted with 😠
Daniel Strizhevsky: https://www.royaltyexchange.com/
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: They made the TV stand free
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Should we just take it?
Chris Acker: What if it doesn’t work with our tv and then we have to take it
Yuta Baba: Also Sasha declines our 160 dollar offer
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Yuta Baba: D*declined
Samvrutha Tumuluru: True
Yuta Baba: 180?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I guess we lowballed him too hard
Yuta Baba: Or should we wait on Chris’s side
Chris Acker: Can you ask what TVs it works for
Samvrutha Tumuluru: We can try but idk if we can cancel the other stuff
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yeah I asked for the dimensions
Chris Acker: But the thing that holds the tv is that back panel
Chris Acker: The two metal bars are screwed into the tv
Chris Acker: Our the needs to have screw holes in the back that are the same width as those two bars
Chris Acker: Tv*
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Ah ok I’ll ask
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Tv stand is sold
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Bar stools may get here today
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Chris Acker reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: Do we have a sause pan?
Chris Acker: Or small pot?
Chris Acker: For cooking soups or pasta etc?
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Yuta Baba: I made pasta w this
Chris Acker: Okay cool I can use that
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yuh
Daniel Strizhevsky: Apparently the tv has been delivered :o
Daniel Strizhevsky: If you guys want to check
Daniel Strizhevsky: Idk where
Daniel Strizhevsky: I didn't get a LuxerOne
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Ughhhhhh
Chris Acker: Noooooo
Chris Acker: Lol
Yuta Baba: Who set up the WiFi password again??????
Chris Acker: Are we keeping the tv box?
Chris Acker: It’s very large and might be too large to keep in storage
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol how long did that take to type in
Daniel Strizhevsky: Hmmm
Daniel Strizhevsky: The box doesn't fit on our balcony storage?
Daniel Strizhevsky: We can see when we get back
Yuta Baba: 25 min
Chris Acker: It will likely fit but it is big
Chris Acker: Will take up much space
Yuta Baba: Exactly
Daniel Strizhevsky: Peepoo
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: How is this
Yuta Baba: What’s the price?
Yuta Baba: And do we have other color options?
Yuta Baba: Looks good tho!
Chris Acker: 130
Yuta Baba reacted with 👍
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Chris Acker: And what about this coffee table to go with our glass dinner table
Chris Acker: For 109
Yuta Baba: Not bad not bad
Yuta Baba: Do we wanna wait till we buy the couch tho
Yuta Baba: Idk
Chris Acker: Meh I don’t think which couch we get matters too much
Chris Acker shared a video.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: And something like this for the hall table?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Wow fancy technology
Daniel Strizhevsky: I was thinking a bit bigger
Daniel Strizhevsky: Maybe?
Chris Acker: Yeah
Yuta Baba: Yeah but bigger but this video is v helpful
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yeah a bit bigger and a few more drawers
Samvrutha Tumuluru: But I like the general style
Chris Acker shared a video.
Daniel Strizhevsky: I like that one
Daniel Strizhevsky: Does it not need to be deeper to fit your coffee stuff?
Yuta Baba: I still like something a bit longer but if we can’t find any, this looks good to me!
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Yuta Baba: I can also look into other options as well
Chris Acker: It’s 15 inches which seems to fit my espresso machine snugly
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah if we could find that but a bit larger that would be perfect
Chris Acker: The first one was only 12 so probably wouldn’t work
Yuta Baba: How big is that one you found?
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: This one is bigger but looks kind of farmhouse-ish...
Chris Acker: It was 47 x 15
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Yuta Baba: A bit pricy but
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Might not be deep enough
Chris Acker: Only 13.8”
Yuta Baba: Hmmmm
Yuta Baba: Ur right
Chris Acker: The last one I sent is 58 x 15
Chris Acker: 15.75*
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I like this one a lot
Samvrutha Tumuluru: If we can find this one but bigger
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Then that would be ideal
Chris Acker: Can’t
Chris Acker: Unfortunately
Yuta Baba: What y’all thoughts on getting two of these
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Yuta Baba: 85 bucks each
Yuta Baba: Not sure if it actually fits it does go over 70 inch
Yuta Baba: Or this
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ooga ooga, I say
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Will have to work hard to keep it looking organized
Samvrutha Tumuluru: And not cluttered
Daniel Strizhevsky: We will be returning home in 15 mins and showing it to the parents :)
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Chris Acker can my mom try the oculus
Daniel Strizhevsky: Never mind they will NOT be visiting
Daniel Strizhevsky: Today
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Chris Acker this is a reminder for you
Samvrutha Tumuluru: PLEASE PLEASE charge us $$$
Samvrutha Tumuluru: For rent
Yuta Baba: ^^THIS
Chris Acker: @Samvrutha Tumuluru @Daniel Strizhevsky are you guys going to be with dans parents every night this week?
Chris Acker: How are we planning on couch shopping then?
Chris Acker: Should yuta and I just make a decision ourselves?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Uh we can set a day to go
Daniel Strizhevsky: If we want to go together
Daniel Strizhevsky: Otherwise I'm ok delegating
Daniel Strizhevsky: Aren't we close to the time the Ikea couch will be back in stock?
Chris Acker: Hmm yeah I guess
Chris Acker: Maybe we can wait until the weekend
Chris Acker shared a video.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol nice
Daniel Strizhevsky: Is there still lag
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ah yes there is
Chris Acker: @Yuta Baba I am behind you!
Daniel Strizhevsky: How did you get behind him?
Daniel Strizhevsky: We will be showing The Parents the apartment in ~1hr btw
Daniel Strizhevsky: Can my mom try the oculus @Chris
Samvrutha Tumuluru: We will be back at the apartment with Dan’s parents in ~40mins
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Is everything still Gucci?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: We are here
Yuta Baba: @Chris Acker ur forgetting security deposit
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Btw code for the vacuum is 133105 in case someone wants it before I have a chance to get it
Yuta Baba reacted with 😮
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Yuta Baba: Ooooooo who did this whaaaaaaat
Daniel Strizhevsky: Holy cow
Daniel Strizhevsky: Very nice
Yuta Baba: I think I’ve been there lol
Yuta Baba: I was like I know this place
Chris Acker: We feel very good about that onne
Chris Acker: yuh yuh yuh
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: should we drive to sacramento to get the ikea couch
Samvrutha Tumuluru: No
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Too far
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Not worth
Samvrutha Tumuluru: No car
Daniel Strizhevsky: ugh that is ooga ooga
Daniel Strizhevsky: how much are you guys each paying for spotify premium btw?
Chris Acker: I share a family plan with my family
Chris Acker: It’s 15 dollars I believe to do a family plan
Chris Acker: And you just split that with as many people as are on the plan
Chris Acker: You should hop on Samvrutha’s family plan
Daniel Strizhevsky: yeah i think it's like 16
Daniel Strizhevsky: hers only has 3 ppl so i dont wanna pay that much lol but if you're on one with your actual family it probably doesn't make sense to do a house one
Chris Acker: 4 dollars is too much? Lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: yes sir
Daniel Strizhevsky: i prefer 2.66
Chris Acker: Yeah I’d feel bad about abandoning my family
Daniel Strizhevsky: understanda:b:le
Chris Acker: Also my mom pays for the plan but she never venmo requests me
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: So technically it’s free
Chris Acker: But I’ll probably reach out about that in order to maintain my HONOR
Daniel Strizhevsky: very honorable
Chris Acker: TY
Daniel Strizhevsky: YW
Daniel Strizhevsky: GeoWizard will Bless you for that one
Daniel Strizhevsky: Anyone wanna go to the FLAMING DOGS food truck at the apartment today for dinner?
Chris Acker: No I have shrimp and clams in the fridge I need to cook!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Daniel Strizhevsky aren’t your parents bringing you dinner
Chris Acker: Maybe he’s not in the mood for mushrooms
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ooga ooga
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Iggy
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky: SingleStore
Daniel Strizhevsky: Previously known as MemSQL
Daniel Strizhevsky: Do you guys wanna live in a 116 sq ft apartment in the tenderloin?
Daniel Strizhevsky: It's only $900/mo
Chris Acker: No
Chris Acker: That’s gross
Chris Acker: People poop on the ground in the tenderloin
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Nice in that case we can save on our water bill by not using the toilet
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Christopher banistopher we're almost home
Daniel Strizhevsky: Do you want to switch cars?
Daniel Strizhevsky: We're home now
Chris Acker: Yes
Daniel Strizhevsky: Jk
Chris Acker: Wut
Daniel Strizhevsky: There's an in n out line
Daniel Strizhevsky: Not letting us
Daniel Strizhevsky: Get into the garage
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok we're in garage
Daniel Strizhevsky: If you can come down now
Chris Acker: Coming
Daniel Strizhevsky: Artist: Polo & Pan
Song: Naña
Yuta Baba: @Chris Ackerill finish up ur yogurt lol
Chris Acker sent a sticker.
Chris Acker: Have at it
Yuta Baba: We should get more yogurt
Yuta Baba: And I personally need more bread
Chris Acker: Yeah we can do a shopping trip tonight or tomorrow
Chris Acker: I’ll need more cooking ingredients
Chris Acker: Apparently our kitchen table is still not out for deliver y
Chris Acker: Even tho it was supposed to arrive today
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Yuta Baba: We can ask for a credit from amazon
Chris Acker: Maybe there was confusion with the cancelation request I made?
Chris Acker: Not sure...
Yuta Baba: They will give you 3 dollar credit
Yuta Baba: Oh
Yuta Baba: But it’s shipped so
Daniel Strizhevsky: https://www.mercurynews.com/2021/06/03/caltrain-electrification-delayed-to-2024-and-the-price-tag-is-rising-too
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: This is extremely sad
Yuta Baba reacted with 😢
Daniel Strizhevsky: Where are the boys?
Chris Acker: We went to a Mexican restaurant
Chris Acker: Where r u boi
Chris Acker: Are you guys alright?
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Chris Acker: Yuta and I are going to bed
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🥺
Chris Acker: Goodnight
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: This comes in a 2x2 configuration
Chris Acker: For 995
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: What's 2x2
Chris Acker: 2 cushions by 2 fusions
Daniel Strizhevsky: I like the first kne
Chris Acker: Cushions
Daniel Strizhevsky: The light gray
Daniel Strizhevsky: So the second one-samvrutha
Chris Acker: Like the part yuta is sitting on
Chris Acker: The one in the image is a 3x2 but it comes in 2x2
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Chris Acker: The 3x2 would be a little too expensive and too large
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah 3*2 seems big
Daniel Strizhevsky: Does it come in a lighter color
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👎
Chris Acker: Or we can do something like this
Daniel Strizhevsky: Oh interesting but then no one would sit on the side couch
Daniel Strizhevsky: We would all have to squeeze on one couch anyway
Chris Acker: Would you rather something like this
Chris Acker: Or the 2x2 style
Daniel Strizhevsky: I think 2*2 would be first choice
Daniel Strizhevsky: But I don't dislike this other style
Daniel Strizhevsky: How much is it?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Can yuta sit on this for scale
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: This was samvrutha btw
Daniel Strizhevsky: Reading now
Chris Acker shared a video.
Chris Acker: It’s 120 inches
Chris Acker: So a bit large
Chris Acker: For our place
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: This one is the same but 112
Daniel Strizhevsky: Not really a fan of this
Daniel Strizhevsky: Is this comfortable?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yuta on this for size
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Also yeah which is the most comfy
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah we can't fit 120
Daniel Strizhevsky: I think that's not an option
Chris Acker: They are all very comfy
Chris Acker: Mich comfier than IKEA ones
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Is this the only color or are there other options
Daniel Strizhevsky: I didn't know that was possible
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Also what would be the dimensions of the 2*2 version
Daniel Strizhevsky: Remember that our 96" fake couch fit fairly snugly
Daniel Strizhevsky: I don't think we can go past 100 or so
Chris Acker: 99
Chris Acker: Would be the 2*2 version
Chris Acker: Do you guys want to take a look on living spaces website
Chris Acker: For sectionals
Chris Acker: While we are here
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: 98
Daniel Strizhevsky: Our internet is bad
Daniel Strizhevsky: Is that 98 big enough for 4 to fit on?
Chris Acker: If we squeeze
Chris Acker: But the fourth could pull up a bad stool
Daniel Strizhevsky: Hmmm
Chris Acker: We are always going to be limited by this 100 inch constraint right
Chris Acker: And with the 2x2 the 4th person can’t watch tv
Chris Acker: Because they are too close right
Daniel Strizhevsky: Why did the 96 feel so large then
Daniel Strizhevsky: Maybe the armrests were smaller
Daniel Strizhevsky: Our internet is very spotty rn so don't wait for us
Daniel Strizhevsky: Poopa
Chris Acker: Hmmm
Daniel Strizhevsky: I thought we thought that person was fine
Chris Acker: I guess we will not be getting a couch
Chris Acker: I’ll be gone next weekend as well
Chris Acker: Because my friends are coming
Chris Acker: Yuta might be gone too
Daniel Strizhevsky: Why
Chris Acker: Why what
Daniel Strizhevsky: Why will we not be getting a couch
Chris Acker: Yuta and I cannot find one that markets the requirements
Chris Acker: There are no 2x2 that are light colored
Chris Acker: Light color sofas are Rare
Daniel Strizhevsky: Do you think this one will be that bad?
Yuta Baba: I am all for this one
Daniel Strizhevsky: If it's very comfy and you think we can fit reasonably I'm ok
Samvrutha Tumuluru: What is wrong with this one
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I would rather all be able to sit comfortably than have a light colored couch
Samvrutha Tumuluru: This does not look like we can all sit comfortably
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I’m down to get this one
Chris Acker: That one is not quite as comfortable as the sofas
Chris Acker: And it’s a bit more pricey
Chris Acker: At 995
Chris Acker: There were some large sofas for like 800 and very comfortable
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah I think color should be tertiary to comfort and proper size
Chris Acker: Also with the 2x2, it’s hard for the 4th person to watch tv, and the two in the middle’s knees will collide
Chris Acker: With the sofa, we might all be a bit squeezed at full capacity, but tv watching is good, and no knee touching
Chris Acker: And if we are that unconmfortable Someone can pull up a bar stool
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Are you guys okay with the color
Chris Acker: It does not come in another color
Daniel Strizhevsky: What size is this? Looks pretty big
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yes
Yuta Baba: 90 something
Yuta Baba: But this is not available
Yuta Baba: What’s available is
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Yuta Baba: 495
Yuta Baba: 92 inches
Yuta Baba: Dollars
Yuta Baba: Can u guys dona quick phone call
Chris Acker: Would you guys rather
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: This for 995
Chris Acker: Or
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: This for 495
Chris Acker: Second one is more comfortable and has better colors
Chris Acker: But 4 people would be a bit snug
Chris Acker: The salesperson says these might sell out quickly, so we should buy soon, and he says you can get a refund up to two days before delivery
Daniel Strizhevsky: What dimensions are the big one?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Can we get a yuta for size on the little one
Chris Acker: 99 x 99
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Hmmm yeah that one seems a bit small
Chris Acker: Okay
Chris Acker: Should we just pay the 995
Chris Acker: I’m fine with that
Chris Acker: As long as you like the color
Chris Acker: In terms of comfort the big one is a little firmer than I’d like, but it’s not a deal breaker for me
Daniel Strizhevsky: How comfortable is the big one compared to UPPLAND?
Daniel Strizhevsky: If it's like a lot worse than UPPLAND then maybe it's not worth, but if it's similar then it'll be the same price right? So might as well?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I prefer big
Chris Acker: Yuta thinks it’s better
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Small is not big enough for us to sit
Chris Acker: I don’t remember tbh
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Sales man is just trying to scare us
Chris Acker: I mean if we can get a full refund why scare us lol
Chris Acker: Isn’t it valid
Daniel Strizhevsky: Is it as firm as our old couch?
Chris Acker: No
Chris Acker: It’s a nice couch
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Because he knows that most people won’t go through the hassle
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Chris Acker: The last one was firm cuz it was cheap
Chris Acker: This one was firm by design
Chris Acker: I mean
Yuta Baba: But it has a nice back support
Chris Acker: Every single ikea couch is sold out
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah I guess if it's similar to UPPLAND I'm ok with it but if it's worse then I'd probably rather wait for uppland
Chris Acker: And most of the couches here are sold out
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah my coworker was saying most furniture is on like a multi-minth backorder
Daniel Strizhevsky: Month
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I agree with what Dan said
Chris Acker: Yeah they said 6 months for most of these couches
Chris Acker: And that is for the ones that are in stock
Chris Acker: They said these two were available immediately
Yuta Baba: IKEA online is not great
Yuta Baba: I’ve ordered a drawer and it never came
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Daniel Strizhevsky: Chris do you really dislike the big boy?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Or it's just slightly worse in comparison
Yuta Baba: Alright
Yuta Baba: We buying it
Yuta Baba: This one
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yay
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a sticker.
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Yuta Baba: We found the great table for the hallway
Daniel Strizhevsky: Nice! It's not too deep?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: That table is good!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I like that a lot
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Excellent
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I’m down to get it
Daniel Strizhevsky: Excellent
Yuta Baba: That would be 695 hehehe
Daniel Strizhevsky: Wtf the table is 695??
Daniel Strizhevsky: Wow lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: Sad
Chris Acker: We bought it
Chris Acker: Jk
Chris Acker: We did buy the sectional tho
Chris Acker: Should arrive on Wednesday
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Thanks you guys for going couch shopping!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Appreciate it greatly
Daniel Strizhevsky: Here is the love sac we want for our living room
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a video.
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I like it!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: What are the dimensions
Yuta Baba: @Daniel Strizhevsky @Samvrutha Tumuluru u two ok with this?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Do you like that or walnut
Daniel Strizhevsky: I feel like walnut is better
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I like the white
Samvrutha Tumuluru: The walnut in the picture looks like it will look fake
Yuta Baba: 39*23
Chris Acker: I like the idea of walnut better but I’m afraid it will look weird and cheap
Chris Acker: I think white is a safer option
Yuta Baba: Remember that the couch is on the darker side
Samvrutha Tumuluru: My same thoughts
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Ah ok let’s do white for sure
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 39 * 23 will fit in front of the couch right?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: snabrutha sent an attachment.
Samvrutha Tumuluru shared a link.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: This might match nicely
Yuta Baba: We already ordered a tv stand
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Yuta Baba: We can still cancel it tho
Samvrutha Tumuluru: So all that is left is coffee thing?
Yuta Baba: And the table in the hallway
Yuta Baba: Also the coffee table we were looking at has a shipping cost of 50 bucks
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Yuta Baba: So looking for another option
Chris Acker: We ordered this one
Chris Acker: We can cancel if you want to get yours
Samvrutha Tumuluru: snabrutha sent an attachment.
Samvrutha Tumuluru shared a link.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Dan doesn’t like the white one I sent
Samvrutha Tumuluru: But we both like this one
Samvrutha Tumuluru: How much is the stand you already ordered?
Yuta Baba: Our TVs legs are at the end so we need a little bigger one
Chris Acker: It’s 131
Chris Acker: And 58” long
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yeah there is a bigger one in the link
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 60”
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Do you guys like or would prefer to stick with what we have
Chris Acker: I’m fine with yours
Chris Acker: Do you want the white one?
Chris Acker: Or the brown
Chris Acker: White?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Dan thinks brown will look better
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I’m neutral
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I think wood looks fake on the white one
Yuta Baba: The couch is on the darker side just so u know
Daniel Strizhevsky: Dark would be 60", white is 53"
Daniel Strizhevsky: Tv is 48"
Daniel Strizhevsky: We'd have slightly more space for speakers but idk if that would be too big
Daniel Strizhevsky: The dark one
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Meh fine let’s just do white
Daniel Strizhevsky: Like speakers wouldn't overlap the screen which is nice
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I’m sure it will look fine
Daniel Strizhevsky: Let's just do the dark one then
Daniel Strizhevsky: Unless you guys think it won't fit
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Fine let’s do dark
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yeah dark looks better
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Tv is kinda too contrasted with the white
Yuta Baba reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I think we should also just get the coffee table
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Even with the shipping fee
Samvrutha Tumuluru: It’s pretty cheap
Chris Acker: I bought the dark one
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Chris Acker: Buhhhh
Chris Acker: Mine was gonna arrive on Monday but yours is the 14th buhhhh
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Worth it
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Trust the process
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 🏀⛹️
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 🏈
Daniel Strizhevsky: 🏀
Chris Acker: Hold on that exact coffee table is being sold my a bunch of different sellers
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Chris Acker: Some are cheaper / more expensive, some have longer shipping times
Chris Acker: The one yuta found only had 22 reviews
Chris Acker: There is one that has 2k reviews
Chris Acker: I’d trust that one more
Chris Acker: But it says that white is currently sold out 😔
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Might I interest you in walnut?
Yuta Baba: I’d be down
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Sure
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Will match our tv stand
Yuta Baba: For the hallway how about this
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Yuta Baba: It doesn’t come with the drawers but the sizing is as good as we can give I think
Yuta Baba: *find
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I’m just afraid it will look messy without drawers
Samvrutha Tumuluru: But with all our electronics and such
Samvrutha Tumuluru: What measurement do we want again
Yuta Baba: 70*29 I think?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Isn't 13.4 too small for Chris's thing
Daniel Strizhevsky: Or almost too small I guess
Yuta Baba: I think he can live w it
Yuta Baba: The whole thing doesn’t need to be on the table
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Idk we don’t want it to be precarious
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Also it will look silly if the coffee thing is hanging off
Chris Acker: It will fit on that
Chris Acker: Just about
Chris Acker: I think it’s 12.5
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: There is also this
Chris Acker: But the problem is that it’s very short
Chris Acker: 47 x 16 x 30
Chris Acker: Our kitchen island is 36 inches for comparison
Samvrutha Tumuluru: snabrutha sent an attachment.
Samvrutha Tumuluru shared a link.
Chris Acker: To be more precise the table is 47.2 x 15.8 x 29.5 inches
Chris Acker: Hey that’s not bad
Chris Acker: Except for the fact that it’s $270
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Yuta Baba: Yeah too pricy
Yuta Baba: FYI our bathroom sink is 32 inches
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yea I think my desk is 29.5
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Meh would 29.5 look silly?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: If it’s probably fine then I’m fine with it
Samvrutha Tumuluru: It seems most others will be out of our price range
Yuta Baba: I would be ok w it actually
Daniel Strizhevsky: This one looks quite nice so I'm willing to give it some slack
Samvrutha Tumuluru: ^agreed
Chris Acker: This one
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Or this one
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Both are about the same size
Chris Acker: The latter is taller by like 0.2 inches
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I like that the second one has more shelves
Samvrutha Tumuluru: But only 12 reviews
Samvrutha Tumuluru: So probably first one
Chris Acker: Yeah and the second one has wooden shelf’s
Chris Acker: Whereas the first one has a metal grate
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yeah second one looks nicer IMO
Chris Acker: Hmm maybe we just get the second and see what happens? :)
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Sure I’m down
Samvrutha Tumuluru: How much are they?
Chris Acker: 151 and 163
Chris Acker: (Latter includes delivery fee)
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Ah nice nice
Daniel Strizhevsky: I like the color on the first one a bit better but idk how accurate it is
Daniel Strizhevsky: But I don't care that much
Chris Acker: When are you guys returning y
Daniel Strizhevsky: Just before 10 most likely
Chris Acker: Hi Daniel
Chris Acker: Thank you for your response
Chris Acker: We look forward to seeing you at 10
Daniel Strizhevsky: You are welcome sire
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Uh oh lolol
Chris Acker: The other tv stand still came
Yuta Baba: Didn’t we cancel it?
Chris Acker: They said they were processing the cancellation
Chris Acker: So I guess it failed to cancel
Chris Acker: I’ll see if I can return it
Yuta Baba: Yeah
Yuta Baba: How about the dining table?
Chris Acker: Amazon says it’s running late
Chris Acker: They said I I can’t get it by the 10th they’ll give me a refund
Chris Acker: If*
Yuta Baba: Oh got it
Yuta Baba: Thx Chris
Chris Acker: @Yuta Baba what were your Hawaii dates again? What time do you get in on the 24th, and what day and time are you leaving
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I can not read this
Yuta Baba: U mean the photo?
Yuta Baba: It’s HNL to HND
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yes
Samvrutha Tumuluru: It doesn’t say a date
Yuta Baba: 8/28 Saturday
Yuta Baba: At the top
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Ah I see
Daniel Strizhevsky: Can someone send me the splitwise link again
Chris Acker: https://www.splitwise.com/join/bTTp9r5xXUN+ncobn
Chris Acker shared a link.
Chris Acker: What have you done
Daniel Strizhevsky: Thank you sir
Daniel Strizhevsky: I haven't downloaded it until now lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: My name is spelled wrong
Chris Acker: I see you guys wink 😉
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I’ve invited a former friend/coworker over to our apartment today if that’s ok with you bois
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Yuta Baba reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru: He’s vaccinated and all
Chris Acker: That’s fine
Chris Acker: When’s he coming I’ve r
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 6ish
Daniel Strizhevsky: I didn't wink
Chris Acker: Yes I did
Chris Acker: I might not even be back by then
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Yuta Baba: @Chris Acker whats the speakers name in the living room
Chris Acker: J22
Chris Acker: Dan unplugged it last night tho
Chris Acker: You need to plug it back into the aux port
Chris Acker: And then press and hold the button for three seconds
Daniel Strizhevsky: Understood
 Thank you
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: That’s the couch
Yuta Baba: Yayyyyyy
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Nice!
Daniel Strizhevsky: https://youtu.be/WhDBm0ikyhI
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Yuta Baba: Booked next Monday and Thursday at 6 for gym
Yuta Baba: Do these work for y’all
Chris Acker sent a sticker.
Yuta Baba: We can book one more if we want
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah fine for me but in the future I think 7 or 8 would be better for me in case I go into office
Yuta Baba: I can rebook if it works better
Daniel Strizhevsky: Nah it should be fine for next week
Yuta Baba: Kk
Daniel Strizhevsky: Or samvrutha says 8 would interfere with dinner. Is 9 too late for people?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yes it’s almost bedtime
Yuta Baba: This poll is no longer available.
Daniel Strizhevsky: This poll is no longer available.
Yuta Baba: This poll is no longer available.
Daniel Strizhevsky: This poll is no longer available.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: This poll is no longer available.
Daniel Strizhevsky: also arethere 30 min slots? like 8:30-9:30
Yuta Baba: No
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Sorry @Chris Acker :(
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I thought you were talking with Dan
Samvrutha Tumuluru: My b
Daniel Strizhevsky: What did you do
Chris Acker: Remember no lock!
Chris Acker: No breaking in!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Sorry sorry sorry :(
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I thought it was still you and Dan from earlier
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Major pho paw on my end
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Will always entire softly from now on
Daniel Strizhevsky: What's pho paw
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Faux pas
Chris Acker: Samvrutha are you coming with us to Yosemite
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I’m undecided but probably not don’t want to abandon young Daniel
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Why are you offering the spot to someone else
Chris Acker: I might
Daniel Strizhevsky: Who????
Chris Acker: Rounak
Chris Acker: But he’s busy with visa stuff so I’m guessing he won’t want to come
Daniel Strizhevsky: ooga ooga...
Daniel Strizhevsky: who's going again?
Daniel Strizhevsky: you kenny and Whomst?
Daniel Strizhevsky: did we decide we couldn't find a Fattboi?
Daniel Strizhevsky: for the drive?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Feel free to invite round
Samvrutha Tumuluru: primal
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Roy am
Samvrutha Tumuluru: ROUNAK
Chris Acker: Rounak said no
Chris Acker: Cuz he already has something this weekend
Chris Acker: @Samvrutha Tumuluru @Daniel Strizhevsky I will need you to move your car in an hour or so
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Chris Acker: So that I can pick people up from the airport
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yes sir
Daniel Strizhevsky: Sir this is a Wendy's
Daniel Strizhevsky: We found the Cycling Heaven of the bay area
Daniel Strizhevsky: Wherever we are right now we've seen like 50 cyclists
Daniel Strizhevsky: There are more bikes than cars
Daniel Strizhevsky: It's road 84 or whatever
Daniel Strizhevsky: La Honda road
Chris Acker: Too bad you don’t have a bike amiright
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'm working on it
Chris Acker reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: Yea sure man
Chris Acker: Of course you are
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Yuta Baba when's our gym reservation for today?
Yuta Baba: Wait shit
Yuta Baba: 6-7
Yuta Baba: I totally forgot
Yuta Baba: We still got home gym lol
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a sticker.
Yuta Baba: The next one is on Monday
Daniel Strizhevsky: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MnIiRygj-nY
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: good candidate for our nook
Chris Acker: Did you guys get my text about the delivery
Chris Acker: Are you able to access the tracking number for the couch?
Chris Acker: Tomorrow is the day to pick up!!
Chris Acker: Between 10:15 and 1:15
Yuta Baba: Dans checking
Yuta Baba: Dan has the order number
Yuta Baba: Is that the tracking number
Daniel Strizhevsky: I don't see a tracking number
Chris Acker: I forwarded the email to all of you from living spaces
Chris Acker: With links to the delivery info
Chris Acker: I will likely not have cell service tomorrow to receive calls so you guys need to be on top of this
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yuh
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: We are stop number 8 and service team is on stop number 3
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a sticker.
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a sticker.
Yuta Baba: They are at #5 now
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Yuta Baba: Who is receiving the call from them?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I think it’s still connected to @Chris Acker
Samvrutha Tumuluru: So we will have to be vigilant
Samvrutha Tumuluru: What stop are they now
Yuta Baba: 6
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Nice I’m so excited 😄
Daniel Strizhevsky: They're on stop 7!!!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Stop 7!!!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: They are fast!!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Holy fricc
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I’m so excited
Yuta Baba: Wait they are still calling Chris?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: We will just have to be prepared
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Maybe pre-emptively go downstairs
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Not sure if Chris has reception
Yuta Baba: Yeah
Yuta Baba: We might want to check the parking
Yuta Baba: Like the truck might come there
Daniel Strizhevsky: They completed 7
Yuta Baba: We got it
Yuta Baba: WE GOT IT
Chris Acker: Yay!
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rY0t_YA1WCc
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: :)
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wtf
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Yuta Baba we are going gym
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a sticker.
Yuta Baba: Duck
Yuta Baba: Plz
Chris Acker: Anyone want to hang with my friends tonight
Chris Acker: Either at our Airbnb or we could come to redwood
Chris Acker: Krishna mentioned he wanted to see you guys
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yeah
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Bring em over
Samvrutha Tumuluru: We have a couch now
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I want to see Krishna too!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I was actually just about to message you to ask lol
Chris Acker: Kenny and Alison want to play games at our place
Chris Acker: So we could stop through redwood for a quick greeting
Chris Acker: And then head back to the Airbnb
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a sticker.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: We have games here too!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Just saying
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I’d be down to play
Samvrutha Tumuluru: If they are interested
Chris Acker: Wut games
Samvrutha Tumuluru: We have resistance. We used to have catan + expansion
Samvrutha Tumuluru: We have switch games
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I have a poker set
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I think we have cards against humanity
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Risk
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Idk whatever games are in the tv stand
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Scrabble
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Also Dan is making beer bread
Samvrutha Tumuluru: What time are you guys coming
Samvrutha Tumuluru: We might run to the store to get beer lol
Chris Acker: 9:30 probably?
Chris Acker: Sure, some beer would be great
Chris Acker: 9:15*
Chris Acker: @Daniel Strizhevsky what is the city guessing game you were speaking of
Daniel Strizhevsky: https://virtualvacation.us/guess
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Chris Acker: Ty
Yuta Baba: We can make gym reservations for next week when do we wanna do it?
Chris Acker: Anytime late afternoons works for me
Yuta Baba: @dan?
Yuta Baba: Monday and Thursday 8-9
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah that sounds good
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Wow look how out of place this qrcode looks
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: What if they could stylize it
Daniel Strizhevsky: where are you anyway
Chris Acker: De Young Art Museum
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I forgot my house keys
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Can someone come get me
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Herlio
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lol nice QR
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Chris Acker were you here?
Chris Acker: I do not think so
Samvrutha Tumuluru: You were not in SF?
Daniel Strizhevsky: gottem
Chris Acker: We were
Chris Acker: In golden gate park
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a sticker.
Daniel Strizhevsky: bumbo
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Bum o
Chris Acker: What are your plans for tonight
Samvrutha Tumuluru: My flight is at 11:25 tonight
Chris Acker: Okay, is it okay to bring people over (my group + Rounak) or do you not want to be distracted from your packing
Samvrutha Tumuluru: It’s ok to bring ppl over
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Happy to see them once more
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Sad we didn’t get to hang out more :/
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Chris Acker please tell everyone thanks again for helping look for my wallet!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I made it to the airport with plenty of time to spare
Chris Acker reacted with 👍
Yuta Baba: Well let u know if we find it but have a safe travel!
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Chris Acker: @Yuta Baba are you guys okay
Yuta Baba: Ya
Samvrutha Tumuluru: What happened?
Chris Acker: Yuta and Alison were going to get more beer
Chris Acker: But then they just disappeared
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a sticker.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: That's not bussin...
Chris Acker: @Daniel Strizhevsky where u at
Daniel Strizhevsky: Just parked
Daniel Strizhevsky: Went wallet hunting near chipotle
Daniel Strizhevsky: Nothinf
Chris Acker reacted with 😢
Daniel Strizhevsky: I am ta baba
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Yuta Baba if you haven't bought yet can you get a cider
Chris Acker: @Yuta Baba @here charge me for any and all alcohol that was purchased
Yuta Baba: Hahah will do
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a sticker.
Chris Acker: Daniel
Chris Acker: Do you want to come to brunch with us
Chris Acker: In Redwood City
Daniel Strizhevsky: Nah go without me I'm gonna go to lunch with Froggy in a couple hours
Daniel Strizhevsky: Also big poopin
Chris Acker: Ok
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol what is that
Chris Acker: Yuta’s playing cards have it as an instruction
Chris Acker: The QR code doesn’t quite follow the theme of the cards though
Chris Acker: I wonder how that could be fixed 🤔
Chris Acker: For a low-cost, flat subscription
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: My parents are apparently also watching manifest lol
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I’m going to be watching season 2 with them
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: So ta baba and I should go on without you?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yeah I guess so
Samvrutha Tumuluru: And we can talk about it after
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a sticker.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Rip
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Also apparently my sister just finished watching the first 2 seasons
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol holy cow didn't know it was so popular
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yuta looks cool as heck. Sheeeeesh
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Where was this
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Was it really hot outside? I can just imagine it being extremely hot
Chris Acker: Windy mountain or something
Chris Acker: It wasn’t that hot
Chris Acker: Has anyone seen my kitchen scale?
Chris Acker: I use it to make coffee but it is nowhere in sight
Samvrutha Tumuluru: It is in the coffee thing
Samvrutha Tumuluru: In the drawer on the right
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Seems like they forgot what they wanted to say
Daniel Strizhevsky: i often something something
Yuta Baba: I can see “see” and “say” tho
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😠
Daniel Strizhevsky: don't ruin it yuta
Yuta Baba: Hohohoooooo
Daniel Strizhevsky: heehoo
Yuta Baba: It’s not meant to be seen ok
Yuta Baba: You kinda see it but choose not to see it
Daniel Strizhevsky: 👀
Chris Acker: It doesn’t look like anything to me
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: Oh fricc I have a meeting with The Boys on Saturday, are you guys ok with Sunday for pinnacles then?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: What the heck you guys are going to pinnacles!
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yes maam
Daniel Strizhevsky: Nisarg
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: actually the pinnacles caves are still closed so we should wait
Daniel Strizhevsky: CSceneVehicleVisState
Daniel Strizhevsky: https://next.openplanet.nl/Scene/CSceneVehicleVisState
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I don’t get it
Samvrutha Tumuluru: snabrutha sent an attachment.
Samvrutha Tumuluru shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Christopher I might actually go at noon if that is a good time for you to switch cars
Chris Acker: @Daniel you are a liar and you are a scoundrel, and noon sounds okay to me
Daniel Strizhevsky: Bumbo
Samvrutha Tumuluru: snabrutha sent an attachment.
Samvrutha Tumuluru shared a link.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Chris they didn’t like your favorite response
Chris Acker: Nice!
Chris Acker: Wait wasn’t the last one my favorite
Samvrutha Tumuluru: No yours was it’s ok to be an imposter
Samvrutha Tumuluru: It’s ok to be sis
Samvrutha Tumuluru: *sus
Chris Acker: Oh I see
Chris Acker: Well I also helped craft the culture one so I feel accomplished 😉
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lol it was a very good team effort
Yuta Baba: This is amazing!!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Should I share the post on my LinkedIn lol
Yuta Baba: Yaaaaas
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I never post anything on my LinkedIn
Samvrutha Tumuluru: It makes me nervous
Yuta Baba: There’s always a first post
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Fine I’ll do it
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I won’t add a caption though
Yuta Baba: We’ll help u polish it up
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Or should I add a caption
Yuta Baba: Booooooooooo
Samvrutha Tumuluru: It’s too stressful adding a caption
Yuta Baba: Chris will help ya
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lol I like how you are just offering up his services 😂😂😂
Yuta Baba: Just answer what it means for you to be a woman in an engineering team, that’s a thesis right there for u
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lol will you like my post
Yuta Baba reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I posted no caption
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Couldn’t handle the pressure
Yuta Baba: Boooooo
Yuta Baba: Hohoho I had to go to your linkedin page to like it
Yuta Baba: But no caption sad...
Chris Acker: https://www.reddit.com/r/bayarea/comments/o50myp/bay_area_landlords_be_like/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3
Chris Acker shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: Sad truth ^^
Chris Acker reacted with 😢
Samvrutha Tumuluru: This is too true I actually started laughing with the dude cause it was so true
Samvrutha Tumuluru: ^outloud
Yuta Baba: @Chris Acker this is interesting https://www.getbatch.com/
Yuta Baba shared a link.
Yuta Baba: yytaba sent an attachment.
Yuta Baba shared a link.
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Chris Acker: That’s great but it’ll feel weird working out with strangers now lol
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: Yeah ik
Yuta Baba: So are we going somewhere on Sunday?
Yuta Baba: If not I’m just gon hang out w a friend of mine who just moved to the Bay
Daniel Strizhevsky: isn't this the idea samvrutha + chris had last year (the nfc part)
Daniel Strizhevsky: im ok either way if you wanna hang out with your friend feel free :)
Daniel Strizhevsky: christopher and i will go to yosemite without you :)
Daniel Strizhevsky: jk
Chris Acker: We should go to point lobos state park
Chris Acker: By carmel by the sea
Chris Acker: 5,740 reviews on google with 4.8 stars
Daniel Strizhevsky: lol that's the same distance as pinnacles

i'm down
Daniel Strizhevsky: we can do a carmel by the sea dinner
Daniel Strizhevsky: i love that place
Samvrutha Tumuluru: If it’s good take me when I get back pls!
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I’m starting to feel like I’m one of like 5 women engineers in total at this company or something
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Now someone else is asking me to write a bio about myself for SheCanCode to be highlighted in one of their upcoming blogs
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: But my career is all of 3 years old 1.5 of which I wasn’t employed 🤦🏽‍♀️
Yuta Baba: Doesn’t matter how long your career is tho!
Daniel Strizhevsky: where did you get 1.5 from
Chris Acker: You changed the group photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Yuta Baba: @Daniel Strizhevsky have u got ur plans this evening figured out?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah I drove to work I might just stay for like an hour or so
Daniel Strizhevsky: Uhh
Daniel Strizhevsky: When do you think you'll be done with work @Yuta?
Daniel Strizhevsky: And would you guys drive or Uber or what?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: What are the plans
Yuta Baba: @Chris Acker u wanna drive or nah
Yuta Baba: Dans got a party at the office
Yuta Baba: I can prob wrap up by 5
Chris Acker: I’ll just drive
Chris Acker: I’ll pick you up on the way up
Yuta Baba: Wait did u go into office as well
Chris Acker: Yeah
Yuta Baba: Am I the only one at home
Yuta Baba: Holy cow
Yuta Baba: I didn’t even notice
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah idk how many people are going to go to this tbh
Yuta Baba: If not a lot we can just leave and come back ya know
Chris Acker: I know
Chris Acker: @Samvrutha Tumuluru do you know?
Yuta Baba reacted with 😠
Chris Acker: @Daniel Strizhevsky do you know?
Yuta Baba reacted with 😠
Daniel Strizhevsky: I know
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I don’t know
Chris Acker: Good
Chris Acker: Good
Daniel Strizhevsky: Good
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 😢
Yuta Baba: @Chris Acker when is ur eta to pick me up
Daniel Strizhevsky: Address is 330 Corey Way, SSF btw
Chris Acker: Driving home now
Yuta Baba: Oh
Chris Acker: Doesn’t the party start at 6?
Chris Acker: When should we get there
Yuta Baba: 620
Daniel Strizhevsky: Probably no earlier than 6
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah
Yuta Baba: Idk
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'll keep you updated lol
Yuta Baba: Do u expect something at the beginning?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Doubt it
Yuta Baba: Okie then 620 is fine
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'll let you know as it gets closer to that time
Yuta Baba: Might have a slight traffic @Chris Acker
Yuta Baba: We should leave around 540
Daniel Strizhevsky: It hasn't started yet btw
Daniel Strizhevsky: Might take a little while
Yuta Baba: Chris hasn’t come back yet lol
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ruh roh
Yuta Baba: Chris is back
Yuta Baba: Heard something
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yu are ta baba
Yuta Baba: You tuber
Daniel Strizhevsky: Are you guys coming?
Yuta Baba: We are leaving rn
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Unfortunately I will not be attending
Yuta Baba: You’ll be attending in spirit
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Is the party #lit
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol somewhat
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lmk when you guys are nearby
Yuta Baba: We coming
Yuta Baba: We are lost
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol do you need help
Yuta Baba: Yes
Samvrutha Tumuluru: How’s the party
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Is it lit
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a sticker.
Daniel Strizhevsky: We left the Zipline party
Chris Acker: Yeah I was lit
Daniel Strizhevsky: Now we're at the encore party
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: Now we are at the encore party
Daniel Strizhevsky: Everyone here is old lol
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: We haven't made friends yet
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Chris Acker: Doing shots with Luigi
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: Louiegi*
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lolol maybe more people will show up
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I’ve seen people our general age in the building
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah they didn't come
Chris Acker: Well we got here 2 hours late
Chris Acker: As well
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I like the leis
Chris Acker: Due to the zipline party
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yeah maybe they already came and went
Samvrutha Tumuluru: But it’s good everyone is stepping out of their comfort zone!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Did you make friends at Zipline
Daniel Strizhevsky: No
Daniel Strizhevsky: I only know 2 people
Daniel Strizhevsky: Jasmine and Hugo
Chris Acker: I asked the intern at zipline to introduce Dan to more people
Chris Acker: And she said she would
Chris Acker: So there is hope
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: There was no nope
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🥺
Yuta Baba: Hope
Samvrutha Tumuluru: This is very sad
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I’m heading to Florida in the morning
Yuta Baba: Safe flight samvruta
Yuta Baba: Puppy heart
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: Poppy head
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 🧐
Yuta Baba: Poopy
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 💩
Yuta Baba: That stole my phone
Yuta Baba: As always
Yuta Baba: *dan
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: An oldest but a goody
Samvrutha Tumuluru: So the party is over?
Yuta Baba: Ya
Yuta Baba: We got some free alc
Samvrutha Tumuluru: New friends were not made
Yuta Baba: But we didn’t get to make new friends ds
Yuta Baba: Sad
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Next time
Yuta Baba: Fall time
Yuta Baba: When u come back
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lol it will still be summer
Daniel Strizhevsky: No New Friends
Daniel Strizhevsky: Apparently
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I’ll be back end of July
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yes yes very clever
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🙂
Yuta Baba reacted with 😢
Samvrutha Tumuluru: We should try using the CSR concierge sometime
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Maybe for booking our Michelin experience
Daniel Strizhevsky: When is pancake time @Chris Acker
Chris Acker: You started a call.
Chris Acker: You joined the call.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Why? Sounds fancy
Daniel Strizhevsky: striz joined the call.
Yuta Baba: yytaba joined the call.
Chris Acker: The call ended.
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I don’t understand
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Christopher Banistopher i will say I will NOT be joining
Daniel Strizhevsky: if that's ok
Daniel Strizhevsky: will be busy with this Meeting
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker reacted with 😮
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: Bussing
Samvrutha Tumuluru: If anyone checks the mail this week pls be on the lookout for a plain white envelope addressed to me
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru: It will be my credit card
Samvrutha Tumuluru: It won’t say chase or anything like that on it
Yuta Baba: Ooooo should we get this
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: Oooooo looks familiar where is this!
Yuta Baba: Where are the seals?????
Chris Acker: It is indeed where the seals were
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Guys these should not go in the dishwasher
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: I don’t think they are dishwasher safe
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Yuta Baba: Agreed
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Now the spatula is very warped lol
Yuta Baba: Lol
Yuta Baba: Rip
Daniel Strizhevsky: Oh I didnt know
Daniel Strizhevsky: Was it not like that Previously
Chris Acker: Naw
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🥺
Yuta Baba: @Daniel Strizhevsky for your vision related machine learning project, you might be able to do dimensionality reduction via PCA
Yuta Baba: Im not super familiar w PCA but you should be able to reduce the size of data without looking a lot of info
Daniel Strizhevsky: Oh yeah the guy on the perception team said exactly that lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: As one of the options
Daniel Strizhevsky: So good suggestion :p
Yuta Baba: Yeah you will still lose some info but you’ll keep a lot of meaningful info
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Yuta Baba: Ready for the gym???
Yuta Baba: Robinhood s1 came out @Daniel Strizhevsky
Daniel Strizhevsky: :O :O :O
Daniel Strizhevsky: help me understand
Daniel Strizhevsky: can we analyze it together?? lunch break?? :D
Yuta Baba: Can we do that after the work hours
Daniel Strizhevsky: lol aight
Yuta Baba: I wanna read s1 first
Daniel Strizhevsky: can we read it together
Daniel Strizhevsky: i need help
Daniel Strizhevsky: lol
Yuta Baba: Ya
Daniel Strizhevsky: <3
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Could someone check the mail again today for my credit card
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I’m very sad I don’t have it yet
Yuta Baba: I checked it yesterday and I didn’t see it but we can check it sometime today
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Thanks :)
Yuta Baba: @Chris Acker ready for some exercise?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: snabrutha sent an attachment.
Samvrutha Tumuluru shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Chris Acker reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: https://www.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/ocnh7x
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: I cannot open that but I like the picture
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yay new tandem spots!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Are any of them less trash?
Chris Acker: One of them is next to the dumpster which scares me a bit
Chris Acker: The other one isn’t too bad
Chris Acker shared a video.
Daniel Strizhevsky: I think having to enter through veterans Blvd would be a minus
Chris Acker: Hmm idk
Chris Acker: Coming north on veterans it’s certainly more convenient
Chris Acker: More convenient leaving for 101 as well
Chris Acker: Which is probably our main destination
Daniel Strizhevsky: There's more traffic though and an extra 1 or 2 lights I think
Daniel Strizhevsky: How will you go south?
Daniel Strizhevsky: You'd have to turn around when going south or coming back from north right
Daniel Strizhevsky: While around the back is fine coming from either direction
Chris Acker: Yeah but I’ve never gone south before lol
Chris Acker: Have you?
Chris Acker: What is south?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Oh true I guess you go north to go south
Chris Acker: And I don’t think the traffic is that bad
Daniel Strizhevsky: Still coming back from 101 is worse on it
Chris Acker: Because there are a lot of lanes
Chris Acker: No it’s not
Chris Acker: Because you come back from the south
Chris Acker: That northern entrance is only an entrance
Daniel Strizhevsky: Oh I come back from the north
Daniel Strizhevsky: Onto veterans
Daniel Strizhevsky: Actually even going north from veterans is technically worse cause there are 2 extra traffic lights
Chris Acker: Oh I see
Daniel Strizhevsky: bussin
Chris Acker: I mean, with the lights it’s hit or miss
Chris Acker: When the light is red, Main Street would have been faster
Chris Acker: When it is green, veterans will be faster
Daniel Strizhevsky: Tru
Daniel Strizhevsky: Idk I generally prefer using a more quiet side street
Chris Acker: And there is no in n out line blocking
Chris Acker: Are you guys interested in the garbáge spot
Daniel Strizhevsky: I may have to take a look see myself
Daniel Strizhevsky: Can't visualize the trash
Daniel Strizhevsky: Tbh I've gotten reasonably used to this spot lol given my newfound EXTREME SINGLE-ACTION SMOOTH ENTRY tactic
Chris Acker sent a gif.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: Then Louiegi has won
Chris Acker: When he complained he
Chris Acker: Smirked
Chris Acker: And thought
Chris Acker: You will come to like it
Chris Acker: I know you will
Chris Acker sent a gif.
Chris Acker sent a gif.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Classic louigie
Chris Acker sent a gif.
Chris Acker: We*
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Shishito pepper
Daniel Strizhevsky: Should I Awaken from my slumber
Daniel Strizhevsky: Anyone else done so yet?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Is taba taba still fast asleep?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Like a small nematode, gnomishly reckoning his cromulent past?
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: Yes taba is still sleeping like a little billy goat gruff, nestled sleepily, and very cromulently
Daniel Strizhevsky: Taba must be a very swaddling boy, cordoning the gubernatorial folks that try to dungeness him
Yuta Baba: Halllloooooooo
Chris Acker: Hallo wie geht's dir
Yuta Baba: Vsknskagwxvwmeod
Chris Acker: You started a call.
Chris Acker: You joined the call.
Yuta Baba: yytaba joined the call.
Yuta Baba: yytaba started sharing video.
Chris Acker: The video call ended.
Daniel Strizhevsky: striz started a call.
Daniel Strizhevsky: striz joined the call.
Daniel Strizhevsky: The call ended.
Yuta Baba: Found gelatine
Daniel Strizhevsky: These beans were a bad idea
Daniel Strizhevsky: I pooped at 3am and again now already
Yuta Baba reacted with 😢
Chris Acker reacted with 😢
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol
Chris Acker: I just woke up
Daniel Strizhevsky: Dumbo
Chris Acker: @Yuta Baba  shall we start searching for Airbnbs
Chris Acker: Also @Samvrutha Tumuluru have you made a final decision about whether you are going to HI
Yuta Baba: YES
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Probably will not be going
Samvrutha Tumuluru: As I won’t be taking vacation days
Chris Acker: Ok
Yuta Baba: @Chris Acker we gotta buy look for the place to stay
Yuta Baba: And a car
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a gif.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Sorry
Daniel Strizhevsky: Oopsie woopsie
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Ok asked for a new card to be reissued
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Hopefully this one actually shows up
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Yuta Baba reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Yuta Baba chris and I have decided to go climbing this evening after work, are you interested? :) think of it as a more fun gym day :)
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: don't forget to eat an early dinner everyone! :)
Daniel Strizhevsky: im making some rice
Daniel Strizhevsky: who wants
Daniel Strizhevsky: @ChrisBaba
Yuta Baba: When are you going? @Daniel Strizhevsky
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: @Daniel Strizhevsky
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol nice
Daniel Strizhevsky: Haven't heard of that one
Chris Acker: @Daniel Strizhevsky  let me know when you are free to move your car
Chris Acker: I want to make a quick run to the grocery store
Daniel Strizhevsky: can you do after 2:30? i have my robinhood ipo training now
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I double dog dare you to physically run to the store
Chris Acker: Ugh ugh ugh
Chris Acker: I suppose I’ll be eating yogurt for lunch again lol
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Daniel Strizhevsky just give him the keys
Daniel Strizhevsky: ok i can give you keys
Chris Acker: Yeah give me the KEYS
Chris Acker: I won’t break anything 😉
Daniel Strizhevsky: anyone want some Chicken Fil A.?
Chris Acker: No thx
Yuta Baba: Im good
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a sticker.
Daniel Strizhevsky: i think my forearms are 95%+ recovered. Clombo Bombo today? :) and workout afterwards
Samvrutha Tumuluru: snabrutha sent an attachment.
Samvrutha Tumuluru shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Yuta Baba: Where’s ur car @Chris Acker
Daniel Strizhevsky: Eeeeeh????
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yuta no BABA DESUUUUU
Daniel Strizhevsky: There's a bathroom line so @Yuta Baba you may want to join
Samvrutha Tumuluru: When are you bois going to Hawaii again?
Chris Acker: Aug 21-28
Yuta Baba: Wanna go to the gym later?
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'll skip today but you guys should go
Chris Acker: @Yuta Baba  when did you want to go
Yuta Baba: Anytime
Yuta Baba: Prob before dinner
Yuta Baba: Aka right now
Yuta Baba: But I can wait if u wanna go later
Chris Acker: Okay
Chris Acker: I’m waiting by the door so just come out when you are ready
Samvrutha Tumuluru: If anyone is free can you please send me a pic of the front and back of my credit card
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I’ll be returning to the apartment next Friday afternoon FYI (7/23)
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: yytaba sent an attachment.
Yuta Baba shared a link.
Yuta Baba: For @Daniel Strizhevsky and @Samvrutha Tumuluru
Yuta Baba: A monitor and printer
Chris Acker: I like his rug lol
Chris Acker: Should we get the rug
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Should we gett the rug
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lol jinx
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I like the rug too
Chris Acker: You started a call.
Chris Acker: You joined the call.
Yuta Baba: yytaba joined the call.
Chris Acker: The call ended.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: What was the nature of this phone call
Daniel Strizhevsky: For bussin
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: We were outside yutas room trying to attract his attention
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: Busarg
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Yuta Baba if you're making rice for yourself will you make me a cup?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Only if you're already making it
Yuta Baba: I haven’t cooked yet I can make rice for ya
Yuta Baba: Does Chris need one ad week
Yuta Baba: As well
Daniel Strizhevsky: He says no
Yuta Baba sent a sticker.
Chris Acker sent a gif.
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: You all look so adventurous
Yuta Baba: https://smilesdental.com
Yuta Baba shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a video.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Mask mandates are coming back
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🥺
Yuta Baba reacted with 😢
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I hope this delta variant isn’t gonna cluck us
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🥺
Daniel Strizhevsky: we should try to bike up mount diablo sometime
Daniel Strizhevsky: 4000ft elevation :)
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: You struggled with 400
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: Ah that would be meeee
Yuta Baba: Oh maybe not the biking part
Daniel Strizhevsky: Just gotta train
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lol
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Let’s GOOOOO
Daniel Strizhevsky: Holy cow
Daniel Strizhevsky: That's a lot of bones
Yuta Baba: LETS GOOOOOOO
Yuta Baba: Do they do fractional share?
Yuta Baba: I currently have 40 bucks in my acct
Chris Acker: Lol I don’t think so
Yuta Baba: What’s the point of buying a fractional share for IPO right
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Chris Acker aer you still interestd in greocery rtoday
Chris Acker: Heyyy
Chris Acker: Sorry I gave up on that
Chris Acker: I’ll probably go tomorrow
Chris Acker: I’m getting in And out tonight
Daniel Strizhevsky: lolol
Yuta Baba: Dans getting Chick-fil-A too
Daniel Strizhevsky: i may go to TJs
Daniel Strizhevsky: i will think about it
Yuta Baba: Lmk if u end up going
Yuta Baba: I’ll tag along
Chris Acker: Who’s that
Yuta Baba: Trader Joe’s
Chris Acker: Oh I wouldn’t go to that one anyway so
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: this is he ^
Chris Acker reacted with 🤙
Chris Acker: It’s nice to meet you
Yuta Baba: I might actually order stuff from Safeway online
Yuta Baba: It’s easier
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'm in bois
Yuta Baba: Heck yaaaaa
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I bought 5 shares
Chris Acker: Welcome to the lingohood sister samvrutha
Chris Acker: We will Triumph duolistically
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Only if they actually gift them to me
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I set my max price lower than @Daniel
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Yuta Baba: Whaaaaat everyone bought DUOL
Yuta Baba: ????????
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yes sir
Yuta Baba: Are we going for grocery shopping?
Daniel Strizhevsky: poopy
Chris Acker: gitlab is down!
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Yuta Baba reacted with 😢
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: @Daniel Strizhevsky rice?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Hmm did you already make it?
Daniel Strizhevsky: My craiglist person hasn't responded
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok I'm off to pick up this bike
Daniel Strizhevsky: Wish me luck bois
Chris Acker: @Yuta Baba gym?
Daniel Strizhevsky: I should be back around 8;30 if I don't die :)
Chris Acker: Good luck
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ty
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok I'm alive going home
Yuta Baba: How do u like ur bike
Chris Acker: Nice!
Yuta Baba: Heck yaaaaa
Daniel Strizhevsky: Pretty good, needs a new chain but I got $30 off lol
Yuta Baba: Oh that’s awesome
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Will anyone be available at ~1:40 to let me in to the building
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I don’t have my house keys
Chris Acker: I think I will be
Chris Acker: I think Dan will also be
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a sticker.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Ty ty
Chris Acker: Why u no have keys?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Figured I’d get picked up from the airport
Samvrutha Tumuluru: So didn’t need them
Chris Acker: Oh I 👁
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: Oh 👁 see
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: Lololol
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Aye aye ⚓️🚢
Chris Acker: @Samvrutha Tumuluru  do you want me to pick you up
Chris Acker: If you see this in time
Daniel Strizhevsky: Actually I can
Daniel Strizhevsky: I realized it should be fine
Chris Acker sent a sticker.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Your package is ready to be picked up. Access code: 569113 Locker Location: Behind leasing gallery.    https://luxer.one/d-7adc73e0146
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: This is @Chris's idk why I got it
Chris Acker: Weird!
Chris Acker: @Yuta Baba wanna go to the gym?
Daniel Strizhevsky: My boi Tommy is prolly gonna visit our apartment after dinner tomorrow
Daniel Strizhevsky: If that's ok with u guys
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Right across from a snowflake ad lol
Yuta Baba: Finally
Chris Acker: Gotten
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: Gottem*
Daniel Strizhevsky: Btw we bought some shishito peppers at the farmers market
Daniel Strizhevsky: We should try to replicate the timber & salt shishito
Daniel Strizhevsky: Shishito peppers at home:
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: Lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: Do you guys want a plant
Daniel Strizhevsky: For the living room
Chris Acker: Picture pls
Daniel Strizhevsky: Maybe in the lamp
Chris Acker: I don’t want one that is messy
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a video.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Take your pick lol
Chris Acker: And creates dirt
Chris Acker: Wow that video is really helpful and high quality
Chris Acker: Thank you!
Daniel Strizhevsky: No problem
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: What do you think of one of these
Daniel Strizhevsky: For under the lamp thingy
Daniel Strizhevsky: Over time the leaves would cascade down a little so it would look pretty nice I think
Chris Acker: I’m down
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Will it fit
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah it's small
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: We could get one for the window sill as well
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: We can start with this guy
Daniel Strizhevsky: And get more after we see how it goes lol
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: What do you guys think of big guy
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: One of these two
Daniel Strizhevsky: For in between the two windows, where the floor chair thing currently is
Daniel Strizhevsky: striz started a call.
Daniel Strizhevsky: striz joined the call.
Yuta Baba: yytaba joined the call.
Daniel Strizhevsky: The call ended.
Yuta Baba: Wait what was this?
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a sticker.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Whoops
Daniel Strizhevsky: Interested in a large plant?
Daniel Strizhevsky: For living room
Daniel Strizhevsky: striz started a call.
Daniel Strizhevsky: striz joined the call.
Yuta Baba: yytaba joined the call.
Daniel Strizhevsky: The call ended.
Yuta Baba: For some reason I can’t hear u
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🥺
Yuta Baba: But I would say start small
Daniel Strizhevsky: Sad
Yuta Baba: Where did u plan to put it tho?
Chris Acker: How much is the big one
Chris Acker: Is Samvrutha with you and does she approve
Daniel Strizhevsky: Big is like
Daniel Strizhevsky: 60-80
Daniel Strizhevsky: Depending on which one
Daniel Strizhevsky: Here
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah she wants it most
Chris Acker: Where would the floor chair go
Daniel Strizhevsky: No idea
Daniel Strizhevsky: Away I guess lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: :(
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Idk next to the plant
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Plant will look better
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Gives oxygen
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Nice deco
Yuta Baba: I feel like it might occupy too much space tho
Yuta Baba: if u r buying the plant with big leaves
Yuta Baba: Making the room look smaller
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I think it will look good
Samvrutha Tumuluru: That area is just for standing right now anyway
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Samvrutha Tumuluru: What does that mean
Daniel Strizhevsky: Weird didn't see it last time
Yuta Baba: Im mainly concerned about the dining chair closest to where the wall
Yuta Baba: Can’t tell how big the plant is but was wondering if we can easily sit the chair
Yuta Baba: With the plant
Chris Acker: I’m sure we can
Chris Acker: I doubt the plant is larger than the floor chair
Yuta Baba: I mean the leaves falling over to the chair
Yuta Baba: Or if u sit ur head touches the plant etc
Yuta Baba: Idk
Yuta Baba: As long as it’s a reasonable size I’d be ok
Chris Acker: I doubt it’s that big lol
Chris Acker: That would be a tree
Samvrutha Tumuluru: It’s not that big lol
Samvrutha Tumuluru: It won’t be anywhere close to dining table
Yuta Baba: One of the branches looked big to me
Yuta Baba: Okie then I’m good
Samvrutha Tumuluru: About the size of a person standing
Samvrutha Tumuluru: But shorter
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 4 ft tall
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yay so we can get it!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: !!!!!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: ????
Samvrutha Tumuluru: We are not getting it
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Dan has vetoed
Yuta Baba: What the heck
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: How do you guys feel about this one
Daniel Strizhevsky: Not wide
Daniel Strizhevsky: Tall
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Yuta Baba @Chris Acker
Yuta Baba: As long as leaves don’t fall so often I’m good
Daniel Strizhevsky: They'll fall occasionally
Daniel Strizhevsky: I doubt very often
Yuta Baba: Yeah green light from me
Daniel Strizhevsky: Or this one
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol
Yuta Baba: That looks too small to me
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a sticker.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Hmm
Daniel Strizhevsky: A pot for the big plant is 60
Daniel Strizhevsky: Unless we want to find a pot somewhere else
Yuta Baba: There is a garden place you can check out in rwc
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok we'll get it without pot
Yuta Baba: But don’t know how expensive it can be
Daniel Strizhevsky: And find a pot on Amazon or something
Daniel Strizhevsky: It's like 20 on amazon
Yuta Baba reacted with 👍
Yuta Baba: Dan do you need rice?
Yuta Baba: @Daniel Strizhevsky
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yes
Yuta Baba: For you too @Samvrutha?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 1.5 cup for Dan
Yuta Baba: Kk
Samvrutha Tumuluru: And me
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 1.5 cups total for myself and Dan
Yuta Baba: Okie
Yuta Baba: Just a heads up we have only one cup left after tonight
Yuta Baba: Will be getting more rice tonight
Daniel Strizhevsky: Uh oh Duolingo is $95-100 now, up from $85-95
Chris Acker reacted with 😢
Chris Acker: Bye Daniel
Daniel Strizhevsky: bye daniel
Yuta Baba: @Daniel Strizhevsky if you haven’t cooked rice can you make one cup for me?
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'm at a restaurant :'(
Yuta Baba: No worries
Daniel Strizhevsky: 💨 (Sent with farting sound)
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lexus is a luxury car brand
Daniel Strizhevsky: Mom: we have Lexus at home
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lexus at home:
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Yuta Baba reacted with 😢
Daniel Strizhevsky: Frick I wasn't assigned any duolingo
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Chris Acker did you get your shares
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: We were the unlucky 3/4
Yuta Baba reacted with 😢
Daniel Strizhevsky: Also still no final rh price : 🤔
Yuta Baba: What the heck
Yuta Baba: Are they even going public tmr
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol maybe not
Yuta Baba: https://www.nasdaq.com/market-activity/ipos
Yuta Baba shared a link.
Yuta Baba: Yeah they are
Daniel Strizhevsky: Anyone want rice
Yuta Baba: Meeeeeeee
Chris Acker: No thx
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok making 2 cuppa
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Chris Acker do you want this for your birthday
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Has anyone checked the mail recently
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Chris Acker the dip is over
Yuta Baba: Holy cow
Yuta Baba: It’s back up
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: We saw a ghost in the hallway
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol that's scary
Chris Acker: Where are you bois
Yuta Baba: Yeah we were freaking out
Yuta Baba: I don’t think I can sleep tonight
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Gum
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Gym
Daniel Strizhevsky: BaBaba
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Yutaba
Yuta Baba: What’s up
Daniel Strizhevsky: Tabano bano
Daniel Strizhevsky: May we interest you in
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Are you coming to diner
Daniel Strizhevsky: Dinner at 8pm
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Dinner
Samvrutha Tumuluru: At 8pm
Daniel Strizhevsky: At Buttsville
Samvrutha Tumuluru: At Japanese tapas
Chris Acker: Want to go to kemuri today at 8
Samvrutha Tumuluru: ??
Daniel Strizhevsky: Nihontaba
Samvrutha Tumuluru: We are reserving
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Right now
Daniel Strizhevsky: Nihongotapaba
Samvrutha Tumuluru: https://www.yelp.com/reservations/kemuri-japanese-bar%C3%BA-redwood-city-3/confirmed/ed55cba8-7e16-4853-a7df-12f8e5672f3e?share=1
Samvrutha Tumuluru shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Christopher would you be interested in preparing some shishito peppers with me?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Peppers are ready :)
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Samvrutha Tumuluru @Chris Acker @Yuta Baba
Yuta Baba: Alright we need to go
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a sticker.
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Chris AckerBaba
Daniel Strizhevsky: Your car is on the outside lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: Where are u guys
Daniel Strizhevsky: Seemingly not in the gym!?
Daniel Strizhevsky: striz started a call.
Daniel Strizhevsky: striz joined the call.
Daniel Strizhevsky: The call ended.
Yuta Baba: We just came back
Yuta Baba: Chris is going downstairs
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a sticker.
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Chris what time do you want to leave? 8?
Yuta Baba: Yup he says 8
Daniel Strizhevsky: Okie dokie! :)
Chris Acker: 😀
Daniel Strizhevsky: https://www.food.com/recipe/beer-bread-73440
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Chris Acker can you please send us a recording of your best Arthur Shelby impression
Samvrutha Tumuluru: snabrutha sent an attachment.
Samvrutha Tumuluru shared a link.
Chris Acker sent an audio file.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: That’s Arthur Shelby doing a billy kimber impression
Yuta Baba: Omg we laughed at this sooo hard
Daniel Strizhevsky: Very nice
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Chris Acker do you want a vegetable peeler
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yes
Chris Acker: We have vegetable peelers at home
Chris Acker: Vegetable peelers at home: 🔪
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: i have ordered a Peeler, Sharp enough to painless remove a layer of Thumb if needed according to amazon reviews
Daniel Strizhevsky: painlessly*
Yuta Baba: Does that mean the current peeler at home is safer?!?!
Daniel Strizhevsky: No I think peeler at home can do so painfully instead of painlessly
Yuta Baba: Ahhhh improvement I wanted to see
Daniel Strizhevsky: lso the blades are super sharp - while rinsing under a sink, I ran my thumb lightly over what I thought was the blunt metal edge of the peeler to make sure the sticky mango juice was not remaining but I got too close to the blade by accident and it peeled off a piece of my thumb. Thankfully, even that was so thin, I didn't even bleed and it didn't even get deep enough for me to get pain like with a papercut - it literally just sliced off a piece of my top skin without hitting any nerves. With this type of sharp, thin slicing, I might have to get another one to try it on the calluses of my feet!
Yuta Baba: Very descriptive
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Yuta Baba: Im not looking at a very descriptive photo Dan lol
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Yuta Baba reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: Now that is descriptive
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ty
Yuta Baba: That would be me after the sharp peeler peels off my skin a bit
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: This is a ladle that I bought
Chris Acker: Would anyone be so kind as to pick it up from Luxer
Yuta Baba: We got u
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: im gonna skip gym today actually so feel free to go whenever uguys want @Samvrutha Tumuluru Baba
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Now it’s Bussin
Yuta Baba: Gotta thank Cramer Dan
Daniel Strizhevsky: Holy cow lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: It is bussin
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: Gg
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 45$!!!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Congrats!
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Chris Acker reacted with 😮
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: Very nice TaBaba
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Congrats
Yuta Baba: can’t compete against the growth of HOOD
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: Btw does indoor masks mean no more restaurants?
Chris Acker: Are we back to that?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Sad
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 🤷🏽‍♀️
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I guess it depends on risk tolerance
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Maybe it means we do outdoor dining only
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: Our package is still waiting!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Uh oh
Chris Acker reacted with 😮
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Yuta Baba said he will pick it up shortly
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Daniel Strizhevsky
Samvrutha Tumuluru: What is your code
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: 640935
Daniel Strizhevsky: Second one isn't ours
Chris Acker: Why not
Chris Acker: What will you bois be netflixing tonight?
Chris Acker: Why don’t you get those Too Hot to Handles out of the way 😉
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🙂
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: We are watching a different show
Yuta Baba: When u come back we still have to get through our fav and second fav shows
Yuta Baba: Aka manifest and too hot to handle
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😠
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I don’t like it
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Dan is working tonight
Samvrutha Tumuluru: So I am watching law and order Shu
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Svu
Yuta Baba: And I’m watching some poker videos
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Yuta Baba
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Chris Acker: HOLY FRICK
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Did you double down like you said you would?
Chris Acker: I wonder why Robinhood wouldn’t halt trading  🤔 lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: this is wild lol
Samvrutha Tumuluru: It’s halted like 3 times in the last couple minutes
Yuta Baba: Wtf
Yuta Baba: It’s 58 now
Yuta Baba: @Samvrutha Tumuluru is it ok if i can have a college over in the evening today?
Yuta Baba: *college friend
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a sticker.
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: Im very confused
Yuta Baba: Are they talking about some time in the future
Yuta Baba: Assuming the growth over the 5 days or continues in the future
Yuta Baba: Smh
Daniel Strizhevsky: i think it's a joke lol
Chris Acker: Yuta was the audience this guy was looking for lololol
Chris Acker: I’m happy I introduced the two
Yuta Baba: Oh cmon
Yuta Baba: I might have believed if Robinhood  had ipoed like 10 years ago
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Chris Acker when do you reincarnate?
Chris Acker: I will rise again at ~6pm on Sunday, should that be the will of American Airlines
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba reacted with 😮
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: It’s all connected
Chris Acker reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: Are you excited to keep watching manifest chris?
Chris Acker: Lol not if I can help it
Chris Acker: You guys didn’t watch without me??
Yuta Baba: Dan insists you watch w us
Chris Acker: Awwww 🥰
Chris Acker: Sad 😢
Chris Acker: Mixed emotions here
Daniel Strizhevsky: :)
Yuta Baba: Yo Chris can you order rice for us?
Yuta Baba: We are running out of it
Yuta Baba: I can order it but it will be faster with prime
Chris Acker: I bought one more bag
Chris Acker: It will be there on Monday
Chris Acker: My subscription delivery is coming on the 16th
Yuta Baba: Oh perf
Yuta Baba: Thx thx
Daniel Strizhevsky: Frick yeah, boiiiiiiiiii
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Chris Acker will you need picking like a fresh and juicy plum off of a wild Californian plum tree in the peak of summer plum season in the hills of Napa? Or will you be ubering
Chris Acker: Lol that depends on when my flight gets in
Chris Acker: They canceled my other one
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🥺
Yuta Baba reacted with 😢
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: Now I’m not sure when exactly I’d be getting in
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Ok keep us posted!
Chris Acker: Trying to get on one that would put me there at 10 or so
Yuta Baba: @Daniel Strizhevsky @Samvrutha Tumuluru tommy and I will be outside
Daniel Strizhevsky: Which side
Yuta Baba: The side we came from
Yuta Baba: @Chris Acker do you know when you are arriving?
Chris Acker: I just arrived now at SFO.  I’ll take a Lyft back as that’s probably the fastest
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yesarg
Daniel Strizhevsky: Welcome to the Brotherland :)
Yuta Baba: Dear Chris Acker
Yuta Baba: Dan Strizhevsky and I were wondering if you would be interested in joining us in eating nishiki premium grade medium grain rice that has been specially selected both by Amazon and farmers who have grown and harvested it. Also, Samvrutha is wondering if you would be interested in joining us in eating nishiki premium grade medium grain rice that has been specially selected both by Amazon and farmers who have grown and harvested it. 
Thank you
Yuta Baba, Samvrutha Tumuluru, Daniel Strizhevsky
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Chris Acker
Chris Acker: Dear fam
Chris Acker: I’m good, thx
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok than k you
Chris Acker: THank
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: It’s all connected
Daniel Strizhevsky: Roberto
Chris Acker: Stefano!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: STEFANO 🤙🏽
Yuta Baba: Stefaaaaanoooo
Daniel Strizhevsky: Steven ✌️
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Chris Tranistopher can we switch cars in ~30 min?
Chris Acker: I’m in a meeting but can move car once done
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a sticker.
Chris Acker: I am out of my meeting so let me know when you want to go
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yesarg, will be ready in around 14 mins or so
Daniel Strizhevsky: Anyone interested in a workout later today?
Yuta Baba: Meeeeee
Yuta Baba: Anyone needs rice?
Yuta Baba: @here
Daniel Strizhevsky: Me
Yuta Baba: Anyone interested in going to the gym at 5?
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🥺
Chris Acker: Give me 5 min
Yuta Baba sent a sticker.
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a sticker.
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a sticker.
Chris Acker: Anyone gym? Tennis? Chloe Ting?
Yuta Baba: I need to work a bit later but I would be down for any of the three
Daniel Strizhevsky: If anyone makes rice can you make me some
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'll prolly be home in like an hour
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I’ll be home in ~30 mins then I’m down to do Chloe ting
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Chris TaBaba do either of you want rice? I will make soon
Chris Acker: I don’t
Chris Acker: Yuta doesn’t either
Daniel Strizhevsky: Oh frick
Daniel Strizhevsky: Forgot cars are switched
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Christopher can we switch
Daniel Strizhevsky: So I can go to #work
Chris Acker: Gym?
Yuta Baba: I’ll be there in spirit
Samvrutha Tumuluru: We are gonna do abs now. No Ting can stop us!
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Yuta Baba will you be joining me and samvrutha and Chris and Patrick pei in hiking tomorrow?
Yuta Baba: Ahhhh prob I won’t be able to!
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🥺
Yuta Baba: Have fun y’all!
Daniel Strizhevsky: Y not :(
Daniel Strizhevsky: Oh yeah you're staying in sf
Chris Acker: Anyone gyming today
Chris Acker: ?
Yuta Baba: I think I should
Chris Acker: Lol iPhone kept correcting “gyming” to “fuming”
Yuta Baba: Lol
Yuta Baba: Emily getting into ur head too much
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Yuta Baba do you want rice
Yuta Baba: Yes sir
Chris Acker: Are you ready to go Yuta
Yuta Baba: Yes sir
Yuta Baba: Let me get changed
Daniel Strizhevsky: i've washed the rice like 15 times
Daniel Strizhevsky: this will be the best rice we've ever had
Daniel Strizhevsky: or the lack of starch in the rice will make it worse, we'll see
Daniel Strizhevsky: the water still wasn't clear at the end
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Yuta Baba: LOL
Yuta Baba: Imagine 20 years later
Yuta Baba: When the one on the right is default
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: Lol might happen
Samvrutha Tumuluru: snabrutha sent an attachment.
Samvrutha Tumuluru shared a link.
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: I literally just looked that up after looking outside lol
Yuta Baba: Yikes
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Ta Baba, do you want rice? (and christopher, but I can ask him in person haha lol xd)
Yuta Baba: Yes
Yuta Baba: Thx sir
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a sticker.
Yuta Baba: yytaba sent an attachment.
Yuta Baba shared a link.
Yuta Baba: http://www.hmbkayak.com/
Yuta Baba shared a link.
Yuta Baba: @Daniel Strizhevsky @Samvrutha Tumuluru
Yuta Baba: Sameer and I are thinking of kayaking either in the bay or half moon bay
Yuta Baba: But we should think about air quality as well
Yuta Baba: Sorry Chris this wont be for u cuz you’ll be leaving……
Chris Acker: I’ll be kayaking in Kauai . No air quality concerns there 😉
Yuta Baba reacted with 😮
Yuta Baba: So sad it’s time of the year again
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🥺
Chris Acker reacted with 😢
Yuta Baba: They are more interested in the one in the bay
Yuta Baba: Do we need to pay in advance?
Yuta Baba: Whoops
Yuta Baba: Very wrong chat
Yuta Baba: @Daniel Strizhevsky @Samvrutha Tumuluru sameer called the kayaking guy, we can get a full refund if the air quality drops
Yuta Baba: R u still interested for tmr?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Like we can cancel even if it stays the same or just gets worse?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I might pass on reservations and Dan and I can try going on the fly romorrow
Yuta Baba: He said if the air quality drops we get a refund so if it stays the same prob not
Yuta Baba: Apparently if u don’t show up we don’t get charged so we should reserve
Yuta Baba: Do u want one double kayak or two single kayak?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Let’s chat IRL in a little
Daniel Strizhevsky: When are we starting hot pot
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'm HUNGY
Chris Acker: Can you guys get the ingredients
Chris Acker: Drive Yuta to Nijiya
Chris Acker: I’m coming back from work soon
Daniel Strizhevsky: When are you leaving tomorrow
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Chris Acker
Chris Acker: Like 8:30 or so
Chris Acker: I’ll probably Uber
Daniel Strizhevsky: P.M. Or A.M.?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Taba and samvrutha are busy working so we're gonna go at 730
Daniel Strizhevsky: Taba has a few hours of work so this will help him finish up before hot pot
Chris Acker: @danandsamvrutha if you need to use your car you can move mine with the key on my nightstand
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yes sir
Daniel Strizhevsky: Enjoy your flight :)
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Canvas
Yuta Baba: Like it
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Looks good
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🥺
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: How's the 'wai'i
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Yuta Baba we overslept and just awakened
Daniel Strizhevsky: But will be ready to go soonish
Samvrutha Tumuluru: We need to hurry because it closes at 1
Daniel Strizhevsky: Canvas
Chris Acker: Canvas
Chris Acker: It’s good!
Yuta Baba: Actually I like dans canvas better in our living room
Chris Acker reacted with 😮
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Same
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Robinhood gave me double dividends for COF for some reason… lol
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Yuta Baba: Take it if they gave u lol
Chris Acker: Yeah they actually gave it to me - not just a UI glitch
Daniel Strizhevsky: https://www.streetinsider.com/dividend_history.php?q=cof
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Chris Acker: What is a special dividend
Chris Acker: Is it a present
Daniel Strizhevsky: I guess so lol
Chris Acker: I see I see
Chris Acker: Darn so I can’t make infinite money through Robinhood now? Lol
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🥺
Chris Acker: I was going to buy a ton of COF on margin 😂
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Chris Acker I tried using Caltrain schedule and it didn’t work. The page doesn’t refresh when I try to go from Redwood City to San Antonio station
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Just thought I would let you know since i am a loyal customer
Yuta Baba reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: Lol thanks
Yuta Baba: I’ll try to be a loyal customer once I come back
Yuta Baba: Please do fix it so that I can use it :)
Yuta Baba: Also chris my flight is UA300
Chris Acker: Okay cool thanks
Chris Acker: There is a bit of a hurricane right now in Hawaii so good luck!
Yuta Baba: U serious
Chris Acker: Ye
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yo wtf just looked it up
Samvrutha Tumuluru: That’s unfortunate
Samvrutha Tumuluru: What are you guys going to do today then?
Yuta Baba: Is it just today?
Chris Acker: Most of it is supposed to end this morning
Yuta Baba: Looks like yesterday was the main day huh
Yuta Baba: Did u get to do anything yesterday?
Chris Acker: Yeah we did the tubing!
Chris Acker: And we taught Dhruv how to swim
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Yuta Baba: Heck yeahhhh
Chris Acker: The tubing was pretty unaffected
Chris Acker: Because you get wet anyway
Yuta Baba: Tru tru
Chris Acker: And we went to a run tasting
Yuta Baba: Yum
Chris Acker: We bought chocolate rum to share with you 😉
Yuta Baba: The best man
Yuta Baba: On earth
Yuta Baba: Okie I’m arriving at the airport
Yuta Baba: Let u know once I get through the security
Yuta Baba: When r u flying?
Yuta Baba: Okie I got through the security gotta wait here for like 1.5 hours rip
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: How was tubing
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Taba is rebelling
Chris Acker: @Daniel Strizhevsky what do we do
Chris Acker: Good!
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Lolol sent the wrong pic
Chris Acker: Now you should understand
Yuta Baba: LOL
Yuta Baba: I accept taba
Yuta Baba: It’s just not my name u know
Yuta Baba: Dan can keep calling me taba
Daniel Strizhevsky: Debatable
Daniel Strizhevsky: No rebelling, taba taba
Yuta Baba: I’m rebelling
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: They gave me another one
Yuta Baba: Did you order another studf from DoorDash market
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Yuta Baba: Look what we found
Daniel Strizhevsky: Cute little succulent
Yuta Baba: Yup at the top of coco head
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I miss Hawaii
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Yuta Baba: @Daniel Strizhevsky you’ll love this dessert menu
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Yuta Baba: Buckwheatttttt
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol that's not a lot of buckwheat
Daniel Strizhevsky: Do you guys love buckwheat now
Yuta Baba: Ik
Yuta Baba: It tasted amazing
Yuta Baba: I think you would’ve loved it
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: Yuta and I balled out
Daniel Strizhevsky: Holy cow that's 11 days of ski passes right there
Daniel Strizhevsky: Or unlimited skiing + $60 :)
Chris Acker: How is the smoke back home?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Varies between like 20 and 120 aqi
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yesterday was not good
Daniel Strizhevsky: https://deadline.com/2021/08/manifest-saved-renewed-season-4-netflix-cast-josh-dallas-melissa-roxburgh-return-1234823691/
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: FRICK YEAHHHH
Yuta Baba: Oh my
Yuta Baba: On 8/28
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: 20 episodes lol
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: Glad it’s not 28 episodes tho
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: NOT WATCHING
Chris Acker: Sorry 😊
Yuta Baba: Yes you are
Chris Acker: NO
Yuta Baba: Yes yeah?
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: Nope 😉 🤷‍♂️
Chris Acker: Can’t justify spending more time on this show lol
Yuta Baba: Just 20 more hours
Yuta Baba: One day
Yuta Baba: Alright I’m flying out soon I’ll be back at the end of October
Daniel Strizhevsky: 15 actually
Daniel Strizhevsky: Bye bye Tano bano
Yuta Baba: Landed!
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: Let’s see if I can enter the country
Chris Acker: Did you enter?
Chris Acker: I’m back with the bois
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Yuta Baba: Not yet
Yuta Baba: They are thoroughly checking my documents
Yuta Baba: Lol
Yuta Baba: The number of workers here are just amazing
Daniel Strizhevsky: Did you enter yet
Yuta Baba: Waiting for the covid test result
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: Another covid test??
Yuta Baba: They are doing a saliva test
Yuta Baba: Yeah
Yuta Baba: At the airport lol
Yuta Baba: And apparently it’ll take an hour or so
Yuta Baba: And i can’t leave until the result is in
Yuta Baba: Was negative
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Well done
Samvrutha Tumuluru: How far is the airport from your house
Chris Acker: Well done Taba
Chris Acker: That’s my Taba
Yuta Baba: Like an hour?
Yuta Baba: This means Chris you are covid negative too
Yuta Baba: Alright got out of the airport
Yuta Baba: And found my parents
Chris Acker: Nice! 👍
Yuta Baba: Back home baby!
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Checking out my local Starbucks reserve
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Where is that?
Chris Acker: Redwood City
Chris Acker: On the Main Street
Chris Acker: *our* I should say
Chris Acker: Kenny introduced us to it in Hawaii
Chris Acker: But you guys don’t drink coffee so
Samvrutha Tumuluru: How is it different from a normal Starbucks
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: @TaBaba what did your parents think of the olives
Yuta Baba: Olives got a bit salty but we’ll wash them and try again!
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Yuta Baba: It’s been a week so it actually makes sense
Daniel Strizhevsky: Aren't they supposed to be salty
Daniel Strizhevsky: They're not sitting in any salt
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Maybe you should try adding more olive oil
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Won’t washing remove the flavor
Yuta Baba: No they did get salty
Yuta Baba: Yeah I’ll try with one olive and see
Yuta Baba: But they told me they haven’t got any good olives so I want to figure this out for them
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: Did you guys make your own olives?
Yuta Baba: Nah we just went to a farmers market in MV and got some olives
Daniel Strizhevsky: Agreed
Chris Acker: @Yuta Baba did you get that Indian shakshuka recipe from your friend?  I want to try making that
Yuta Baba: Sameer is going to give me the recipe just a sec
Chris Acker: @Daniel Strizhevsky @Samvrutha Tumuluru when are you guys going to go grocery shopping?
Daniel Strizhevsky: I can go with you at 6 or so, samvruthas not going
Daniel Strizhevsky: If you're gonna go
Daniel Strizhevsky: Does whole foods have toilet paper also
Chris Acker: Probably
Yuta Baba: Yes
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: @Yuta Baba has sameer gotten back yet?
Yuta Baba: Let me check in
Yuta Baba: Sameer just broke up w his gf so he’s in shock
Chris Acker reacted with 😢
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Yuta Baba: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=02KxcSZ9SOc
Yuta Baba shared a link.
Yuta Baba: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ROTwTz7Vm88
Yuta Baba shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Who initiated the breakup
Yuta Baba: Gf
Daniel Strizhevsky: Sad
Yuta Baba: She’s still in school
Yuta Baba: Sameer was going to stay at Carleton for a month
Yuta Baba: And ofc he canceled it
Daniel Strizhevsky: Rip
Yuta Baba: Yeah p sad
Chris Acker: @Yuta Baba  Samvrutha and I have just finished our Chloe ting
Chris Acker: Let us know when you do your Chloe ting!
Yuta Baba: I did Chloe ting two days ago
Chris Acker reacted with 😮
Yuta Baba: And I’m forcing my dad to do it with me
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: Lol NICE
Yuta Baba: Yeah I’m planning to do it sometime later today
Yuta Baba: And I ordered protein it’s coming
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Proud of you!
Yuta Baba reacted with 👍
Yuta Baba: @Samvrutha Tumuluru when were you in Florida? I don’t think you need to pay the utilities while you were away so
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I think I still payed everything
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Unless people didn’t charge me
Yuta Baba: All the utilities for July are just billed this month
Yuta Baba: So if u r away in July Im not gon charge you
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yeah I was away for July
Yuta Baba reacted with 👍
Chris Acker: @Yuta Baba you got a credit card offer in the mail from “Mercury”
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Yuta Baba: Thank you, next
Chris Acker: I opened it lolz
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: They are offering you a 2k credit line!!
Yuta Baba: Yeah I have 4K from citi all gucci
Chris Acker reacted with 😮
Chris Acker sent a sticker.
Chris Acker: @Yuta Baba are u going to buy an epic ski pass??
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: Did u get one?
Chris Acker: Not yet
Chris Acker: But we probably will
Yuta Baba: Are you buying a 4 day pass or something like that?
Yuta Baba: Or the one that works throughout the season
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'm getting a season pass, we haven't decided yet for Chris and samvrutha
Daniel Strizhevsky: I think the Tahoe Local Pass might actually be good for you guys, but we need to think about it
Daniel Strizhevsky: It lets you do Tahoe and Colorado and Utah
Daniel Strizhevsky: Which I think are the only other places we'd go realistically
Yuta Baba: By when do we need to buy a pass? We should vc soon
Daniel Strizhevsky: 6th is the last day so we should do it this weekend
Yuta Baba reacted with 👍
Yuta Baba: When are y’all free
Daniel Strizhevsky: Maybe tonight?
Yuta Baba: Yeah sounds good
Chris Acker: What time will you be free?you are still working, correct? :)
Yuta Baba: Yeah but my time is p flexible
Yuta Baba: No one is workin w me so
Chris Acker: Let’s do after dinner so like 9pm/1pm maybe?
Yuta Baba: Kk
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: Will you be free later too baba? We are having a late dinner
Yuta Baba: Ya
Yuta Baba: Ofc
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok gabaBaba
Daniel Strizhevsky: Sorry we couldn't make it yesterday
Daniel Strizhevsky: Can we do it today :)
Daniel Strizhevsky: In like 3 or so hours maybe
Yuta Baba: Sounds good
Chris Acker: @Yutaba are you ready to discuss?
Yuta Baba: Give me 3 min
Yuta Baba: Okie I’m ready
Yuta Baba: yytaba started a video chat.
Yuta Baba: yytaba joined the video chat.
Yuta Baba: The video call ended.
Chris Acker: Hold on
Chris Acker: Just need to connect to wifi at our hotel
Yuta Baba: Where u guys at
Chris Acker: We are in Santa Maria
Chris Acker: Near Los Angeles
Chris Acker: We are taking a road trip south!
Yuta Baba: Ohhh nice
Yuta Baba: Labor Day weekend
Chris Acker reacted with 👍
Chris Acker: Okay I have wifi but Dan and samvrutha left to get towels
Chris Acker: They will be back in a sec
Yuta Baba: Kk
Chris Acker: You started a video chat.
Chris Acker: You joined the video chat.
Yuta Baba: yytaba joined the video chat.
Chris Acker: The video call ended.
Chris Acker: You started a video chat.
Chris Acker: You joined the video chat.
Yuta Baba: yytaba started a video chat.
Yuta Baba: yytaba joined the video chat.
Chris Acker: The video call ended.
Yuta Baba: The video call ended.
Yuta Baba: Hmmmm
Yuta Baba: yytaba started a video chat.
Yuta Baba: yytaba joined the video chat.
Chris Acker: You joined the video chat.
Yuta Baba: yytaba joined the video chat.
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Yuta Baba: The video call ended.
Chris Acker: I just bought  another container of tide liquid laundry detergent from Amazon.  Who would like to share in this tide, and who is sharing Yuta’s laundry detergent?
Yuta Baba: Lol someone hates my detergent
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: I will share your tide
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Chris Acker hey crumbo
Daniel Strizhevsky: CPH is on the way back from WF so maybe you can just pink it up if I order it
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok sir @Chris Acker it will be ready at 6;27pm under the name Daniel. Check # 17
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Christopher how's it going out there
Daniel Strizhevsky: Will you need assistance carrying pizza up?
Chris Acker: I’m picking it up now
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok do you want me to come downstairs when you arrive
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Christopher do you want rice today?
Chris Acker: @Daniel Strizhevsky I will likely not go into work today after all.  Let me know if and when you want me to move my kuruma
Daniel Strizhevsky: Probably at 3pm
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol
Samvrutha Tumuluru: :O
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Making Katsu curry
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: What do you know about rolling? Down in the deep... Where the fish are blind and the trenches are steep...
Samvrutha Tumuluru: What
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Chris Acker if you're making rice today can you make me a cup too
Chris Acker: Okay
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ty
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Christopher do youw ant rice?
Yuta Baba: yytaba named the group Redwood Rebels Need Rice.
Chris Acker: Hey
Chris Acker: We have rice
Daniel Strizhevsky: 😇
Yuta Baba: yytaba named the group Redwood Rebels Like Rice.
Yuta Baba: Fine I changed it
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: @Chris Acker marugameeeeee
Daniel Strizhevsky: Eh!? Yuta no baba desu
Yuta Baba: Yuta no taba desuuuu
Yuta Baba: And it’s just 450 yen
Daniel Strizhevsky: https://www.google.com/search?q=marugame%20udon&sxsrf=AOaemvK3J-fEtUS4Tu3l78rp7Upp9AdcSg:1631760606475&ei=y7BCYYHdN7Ow0PEPqZGlyAo&oq=marugame+udon&gs_lcp=Cgdnd3Mtd2l6EAMyBAgjECcyEwguEIAEEIcCELEDEMcBEKMCEBQyCwguEIAEEMcBEK8BMgsILhCABBDHARCvATIFCAAQgAQyCggAEIAEEIcCEBQyBAgAEEMyBQgAEIAEMgUIABCABDIFCAAQgAQ6BwgjELADECc6BwgAEEcQsANKBAhBGABQ5ApY5ApgiA1oAnACeACAAYICiAGCApIBAzItMZgBAKABAcgBCcABAQ&sclient=gws-wiz&ved=2ahUKEwj3orr6vYLzAhVOJTQIHdflA2cQvS56BAgcECM&uact=5&tbs=lf:1,lf_ui:4&tbm=lcl&rflfq=1&num=10&rldimm=6637289439453658029&lqi=Cg1tYXJ1Z2FtZSB1ZG9uIgOIAQFIkb3IqfatgIAIWhcQABABGAAYASINbWFydWdhbWUgdWRvbpIBEHVkb25fbm9vZGxlX3Nob3CqASAKCS9tLzAxNGp6OBABKhEiDW1hcnVnYW1lIHVkb24oAA&rlst=f#rlfi=hd:;si:6637289439453658029,l,Cg1tYXJ1Z2FtZSB1ZG9uIgOIAQFIkb3IqfatgIAIWhcQABABGAAYASINbWFydWdhbWUgdWRvbpIBEHVkb25fbm9vZGxlX3Nob3CqASAKCS9tLzAxNGp6OBABKhEiDW1hcnVnYW1lIHVkb24oAA;mv:[[37.8963428,-122.21328049999998],[37.4677055,-122.49142909999999]];tbs:lrf:!1m4!1u3!2m2!3m1!1e1!1m4!1u16!2m2!16m1!1e1!1m4!1u16!2m2!16m1!1e2!2m1!1e16!2m1!1e3!3sIAE,lf:1,lf_ui:4
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Yuta Baba: Yup I went to one of them
Chris Acker: Mmmm look at that thicc udonnn
Chris Acker: This is the longest link I’ve ever seen
Yuta Baba: Was sooooo goood
Yuta Baba: The broth and ginger 💯
Chris Acker: I knew it
Chris Acker: I noticed the quality immediately when I saw it in Hawaii
Yuta Baba: We tried ok???
Yuta Baba: The queue was as long as udon they serve
Chris Acker: Lolz
Yuta Baba: We can go to the one in sf
Yuta Baba: If u really insist
Chris Acker: 🤷‍♂️
Chris Acker: I don’t want to force you
Chris Acker: I can go myself 😉
Yuta Baba: I’ll go w ya if u really want to go
Yuta Baba: So I’m comin
Chris Acker reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: @Daniel Strizhevsky @Samvrutha Tumuluru are you guys coming???
Daniel Strizhevsky: It's not that good
Daniel Strizhevsky: In sf
Yuta Baba: @Samvrutha Tumuluru I got my eyes checked here and my right eye is better than 20/15 but worse than 20/10 and my left eye is 20/20
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Hey same as me!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wait jk that’s better than me
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: What the heck how is your vision so good
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Yuta Baba: My left eye got worse tho
Yuta Baba: It used to be the same as my right one
Yuta Baba: And I can see your eye sooooo clearly
Samvrutha Tumuluru: What the heck your left eye got worse to 20/20
Samvrutha Tumuluru: What a blessed life
Yuta Baba: It used to be the same as my right one
Samvrutha Tumuluru: You had freakishly good vision
Yuta Baba: So somewhere around 20/15 and 20/20
Chris Acker: That happened to me as well
Chris Acker: But then it kept getting worse lol
Yuta Baba: We all know what happened to u Chris
Yuta Baba: You played too much rocket league
Chris Acker: 15/20 -> 20/20 -> 30/20
Chris Acker: Worth it
Yuta Baba reacted with 😢
Yuta Baba: Life is long man
Daniel Strizhevsky: @ricetopher do you want rice?
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Christopher Acker
Chris Acker: No thx
Daniel Strizhevsky: Where are you these days?
Chris Acker: Gym
Daniel Strizhevsky: Very good
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Pancakes after farmers market @Chris Acker?
Chris Acker: Yes
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yes
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Sweet!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Any ingredients we are missing that we should pick up
Samvrutha Tumuluru: While at the market or Trader Joe’s
Chris Acker: We need milk and eggs
Chris Acker: Are you getting more of those items?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yes we will get those
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Do we want to make any berry pancakes
Chris Acker: Up to you
Daniel Strizhevsky: Herbicide
Samvrutha Tumuluru: On our way back
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a sticker.
Daniel Strizhevsky: https://github.com/junegunn/fzf
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Chris Acker  do you want rice
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Chris Acker do you want rice
Chris Acker: Yeah
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok zir
Chris Acker: @Daniel Strizhevsky you have lied to me about garlic 😢
Daniel Strizhevsky: For posterity in case Yuta reads this, I didn't lie about the garlic!
Yuta Baba: @Daniel Strizhevsky what did you lie about Dan???? Full investigation needed here
Daniel Strizhevsky: Didn't lie about anything! The garlic was simply hiding
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Yuta Baba how do you feel about acting
Yuta Baba: For a Netflix show?
Yuta Baba: I’d be down
Samvrutha Tumuluru: For a Daniel and Samvrutha Studios production
Yuta Baba: HAHAHAHAHAHA sounds like typical Dan
Yuta Baba: I’m down! Actually you already know my acting, I’ve been in your one second video multiple times :)
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: Also dan happy birthday!!!!!🎉🎊🎈🎂
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Chris Acker reacted with 🥳
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 🥳
Daniel Strizhevsky: Thank you taba taba!
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: We have outdoor seating
Samvrutha Tumuluru: But maybe we should all take pics of our vaccine card just in case
Yuta Baba: Take me to this fancy restaurant as well
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Unfortunately we are going on Friday :(
Samvrutha Tumuluru: But we can go to another fancy restaurant when you get back :)
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: Yeah I saw the date in the photo lol
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Chris Acker
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Your car is on the outside
Daniel Strizhevsky: Your car somehow teleported to the outside
Yuta Baba: @Chris Acker what the heck
Yuta Baba: Why did u just expose your location data
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Chris Acker reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: Data breach
Chris Acker: @Daniel Strizhevsky dywr?
Chris Acker: 🤷‍♂️
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I think no
Samvrutha Tumuluru: He is with work people and bowling
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru: So probably got fed
Chris Acker: Ok
Chris Acker: @Daniel Strizhevsky I’m making food art out of my sundubu
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol very nice
Yuta Baba: Dang Chris bought a light to take photos
Yuta Baba: Looking good tho!
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Yuta Baba: Yum yum
Chris Acker: https://youtu.be/-CopbQ_QgmM
Chris Acker shared a link.
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: A sting?
Chris Acker: https://vm.tiktok.com/ZMRpy49Jd/
Chris Acker shared a link.
Chris Acker: Do we have weekend plans?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Friday night plans only
Chris Acker: Did you want to do point Reyes or something?
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Chris Acker: I think Nisarg would be down as well
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'm on call this weekend so I can't go anywhere without internet, not sure if point Reyes does
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Daniel Strizhevsky: Nvm @Chris Acker no reservations required
Daniel Strizhevsky: Starting oct 1
Chris Acker: Holy wow
Chris Acker: We are right on the precipice
Chris Acker: @Yutaba do you have AAA batteries?
Yuta Baba: Is that the smallest or the biggest
Chris Acker: Small
Yuta Baba: Doe the tv controller?
Yuta Baba: For
Yuta Baba: And yes I have them
Chris Acker: Yeah
Yuta Baba: yytaba started a video chat.
Yuta Baba: yytaba joined the video chat.
Yuta Baba: The video call ended.
Yuta Baba: Lol
Yuta Baba: Ok they are in my room
Yuta Baba: There is a black basket under my bed
Yuta Baba: I think they are in the orange bag
Yuta Baba: In there there is a white charger
Yuta Baba: The batteries are in there
Chris Acker: You started a video chat.
Chris Acker: You joined the video chat.
Yuta Baba: yytaba joined the video chat.
Chris Acker: The video call ended.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: We gotta swap cars
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Didn’t realize yours was on the outside lol
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: Lol I saw this
Chris Acker: Did you watch this too??
Chris Acker: We just finished it
Yuta Baba: Wait
Yuta Baba: Is it a movie title
Yuta Baba: I meant I saw this fb post
Daniel Strizhevsky: It's a reference to a show!
Daniel Strizhevsky: One which all of us have see now!
Daniel Strizhevsky: Exeptyou TaBaba sad
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Rick and Marty
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Morty
Samvrutha Tumuluru: RICK
Samvrutha Tumuluru: RICK
Samvrutha Tumuluru: RICK
Samvrutha Tumuluru: RICK
Chris Acker: Not rick and Morty
Samvrutha Tumuluru: RICK
Samvrutha Tumuluru: RICK
Samvrutha Tumuluru: RICK
Chris Acker: It’s called squid game
Yuta Baba: fRick
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Rick and Morty
Yuta Baba: You just watched it right
Chris Acker: It’s a k drama
Yuta Baba: Is it on Netflix
Chris Acker: We just watched it last week
Chris Acker: Yeah
Yuta Baba: Worth it?
Chris Acker: Yeah it was p good
Yuta Baba: Kk will watch if I get a chance
Yuta Baba: I’ve watched only one episode since I came back lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: ```
url = "https://www.walmart.com/ip/seort/797509896"

win = window.open(url)
bus = function () {
    if (win.document.getElementsByClassName("b f4 gray lh-copy pt2-m flex fr-m tr").length == 0) {
        win.document.title = "🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑"
    } else {
        win.document.title = "NOT BUSSIN!"
    }
}
setInterval(
    function () {
        win.location.reload()
        setTimeout(bus, 2000)
    },
    5000,
)
```
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Yuta Baba: Yo yo yo
Yuta Baba: A friend of mine in Japan is looking for some volunteers to interview, do you think you can help?
Yuta Baba: ———-
We are currently looking to interview Gen Z-ers regarding their smartphone and app usage habits. 

Who we are looking for:
- Young worker or student, 25 years old or younger
- Smartphone user who uses various content apps such as games, music apps, and YouTube 

Timing and Details:
- 30-40 minute interview via Zoom 
- No reward 
- One time interview between 9/29-10/5. We will accommodate to your time zone and date preference as much as possible.
Yuta Baba: They apparently want to record the interviews but the interviews won’t be shared to anyone other than the ppl working on the project
Yuta Baba: Theyjust want record them so that they can replay etc
Yuta Baba: If interviews don’t work, they can also take written forms as well
Yuta Baba: Lmk if you can help! If not, that’s totally fine
Daniel Strizhevsky: Sry forgot about this
Daniel Strizhevsky: Can I decide next week lol
Chris Acker: I can do a written form
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I’d prefer to not interview 😅 anyway I’m about to be 26
Chris Acker reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: True samvrutha is a full-on millenial
Daniel Strizhevsky: Chris and I are borderline genz/millennials
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: Yeah written forms are fine!
Yuta Baba: They are looking for someone 25 or below so should be ok
Chris Acker: Go morning Taba ba
Chris Acker: It is very early for you
Yuta Baba: Yeah it’s fricking 5 am
Yuta Baba: And I always start working at 5
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: That’s very early!
Yuta Baba: What the heck is this photo
Yuta Baba: Yeah it’s killing me
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a video.
Yuta Baba: Oh my goodness
Yuta Baba: This is hilarious
Yuta Baba: Goggle foggy
Yuta Baba: Upside down
Yuta Baba: *goggles
Yuta Baba: The best part is Chris is next to Samvrutha, just looking at his laptop intensely
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Chris Acker is my glasses case in your car?
Chris Acker: I don’t see it anywhere
Daniel Strizhevsky: Frick what the frick
Daniel Strizhevsky: Maybe I left it on one of the side things in the back
Daniel Strizhevsky: Door things
Chris Acker: You are a door thing
Daniel Strizhevsky: No I'm not
Daniel Strizhevsky: Reminder for us to pay utilities today
Yuta Baba reacted with 👍
Chris Acker reacted with 👍
Yuta Baba: Do you know why we are getting charged for the parking twice?
Yuta Baba: Is that due to switching?
Yuta Baba: Can you confirm with Mario?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Hmm good question I didn't see it
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Chris Acker are you eating there
Daniel Strizhevsky: Or taking to go
Chris Acker: One sec
Chris Acker: We are waiting in line to ask lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol ok
Daniel Strizhevsky: Do you wanna just eat there I'm already done
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'm ok just going back
Chris Acker sent a sticker.
Chris Acker: Well eat here
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a sticker.
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Chris "cacker21" Acker do you wnt any rice/
Chris Acker: Yes
Daniel Strizhevsky: ok.\
Samvrutha Tumuluru: ok
Samvrutha Tumuluru: :/
Chris Acker: @Yuta Baba how is the new prime minister
Yuta Baba: I think he’s ok? He’s def the safest choice
Yuta Baba: But the previous one was awful so everyone’s expectation is high I think
Chris Acker: I’m turning the dryer off for a sec cuz I have a meeting
Chris Acker: You sent an attachment.
Chris Acker shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: I don't get it
Yuta Baba: I kinda get this lol
Yuta Baba: He’s trying to say “a suimasen” but ended up just saying “a su”
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Same
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Christopher do you want rice?
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Christopher do you want rice?
Chris Acker: Nuh tx
Daniel Strizhevsky: o . k .
Daniel Strizhevsky: we do a little trolling
Chris Acker: 👌
Daniel Strizhevsky: what will you be doing instead?
Chris Acker: Maybe chee pottle
Chris Acker: Chip potly
Daniel Strizhevsky: bumbo
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Yuta Baba when do you return
Yuta Baba: 10/29
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 🥳
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ta ba ba
Yuta Baba reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Chris Acker  u here?
Chris Acker: U up?
Chris Acker: I’m here
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Dan wants rice
Samvrutha Tumuluru: If you are making rice
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Otherwise pressure
Yuta Baba reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Sorry no pressure
Chris Acker: I’m eating out today
Samvrutha Tumuluru: snabrutha sent an attachment.
Samvrutha Tumuluru shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: @ricetopher do you want rice
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Chris Acker
Chris Acker: Yea
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Christopher dinner?
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Chris Acker: What about it
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Dan is getting very hungry
Daniel Strizhevsky: You heard me
Daniel Strizhevsky: Onions on it?
Chris Acker: Wow he looks really hungry
Daniel Strizhevsky: Opinions
Samvrutha Tumuluru: You + Dan + Me —-> dinner
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Christopher
Daniel Strizhevsky: You can read your Kindle on the train
Daniel Strizhevsky: And then at 4 we can play New world
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a sticker.
Chris Acker: It will be 4 when we would get into San Jose
Chris Acker: What do you mean we would play new world
Chris Acker: If you take the 5:12 back then you will return at 6
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yes sir
Daniel Strizhevsky: https://youtu.be/8I-ZUkyI8KE
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Christopher rice?
Chris Acker: No Ty ser
Chris Acker: -. —-
Chris Acker: @Daniel Strizhevsky  rice?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: He’s at dinner
Chris Acker: Does he need rice ?
Chris Acker: Hi Yuta
Chris Acker: I see yur bubble
Chris Acker: Sneaking abou t
Yuta Baba: Hiiiiii
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: Yup
Yuta Baba: Coming back in a week
Chris Acker reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: Trying to get used to the old life I was having
Yuta Baba: You’ll be able to make rice for me as well
Chris Acker: I will make rice for you anytime
Yuta Baba: Heck yaaaaaa
Chris Acker: That is a rule of this household
Chris Acker: You will never go riceless
Yuta Baba: Ya
Yuta Baba: Everyone loves rice
Yuta Baba: In this household
Chris Acker sent a gif.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Why is feeding myself so hard
Yuta Baba reacted with 😢
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🥺
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Sirs please guess how much caffeine is in this cup of coffee
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Chris Acker: A lot?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yes sir
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yes 4 espressos worth
Chris Acker: Jeez
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Dan our offices have similar snacks
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lolol very similar
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Christopher rice?
Chris Acker reacted with 😠
Chris Acker: I take it you are having leftovers on a Friday again
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yes sir
Daniel Strizhevsky: Any rice??
Chris Acker: Ye
Chris Acker: Did you make it already
Chris Acker: If you did I’m going to chipotle
Daniel Strizhevsky: Not yet
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a sticker.
Yuta Baba: @Chris Acker interested?
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Time commitment seems like a lot
Chris Acker: @Yuta Baba when are you getting back?
Yuta Baba: I’m arriving at 420pm on 29th
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: Yeah, I was interested in the scoping thing but I’m not eligible sadly
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Chris Acker reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: Most dangerous cities in the world
Daniel Strizhevsky: One of these is not like the others
Chris Acker: The key was in my car heehee
Daniel Strizhevsky: striz set your nickname to Christopher, would you like any rice today?
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Christopher, would you like any rice today?
Chris Acker: @Daniel Strizhevsky need your assistance
Chris Acker: Nvm I remembered
Daniel Strizhevsky: I am in meeting for a few more mins
Daniel Strizhevsky: Oh ok
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Chris Acker sent a gif.
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: Rice?
Chris Acker: Not you yutababa
Chris Acker: @Daniel Strizhevsky
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ye ssir
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yes sir, thank you sir
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yes sir please sir
Daniel Strizhevsky: Baba when do you arrive
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Baba
Yuta Baba: Taba is arriving tmr at 4pm
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: But don’t know how long it will take to get through the security
Yuta Baba: So who knows
Yuta Baba: I’m hoping to get home by like 6-7
Daniel Strizhevsky: not bad not bad
Daniel Strizhevsky: are you excited to return or sad to leave
Yuta Baba: I guess both
Yuta Baba: But excited to come home :)
Yuta Baba: In sf
Daniel Strizhevsky: :)
Chris Acker: 😀
Yuta Baba: What happened to your name Chris
Daniel Strizhevsky: i was tired of typing
Daniel Strizhevsky: so i just set his name to that
Yuta Baba: Lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: so it was fewer keystrokes
Yuta Baba: Oh so u just type his name
Yuta Baba: I need to change my name as well
Yuta Baba: Once I’m back
Chris Acker: You set the nickname for Daniel Strizhevsky to Daniel my son do you want any rice today?
Daniel Strizhevsky: yes sir
Yuta Baba: Yuta set his own nickname to Yuta, rice?
Chris Acker: Have a safe journey tabano
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 🎉
Yuta Baba: Thx thx
Yuta Baba: See u soon!
Yuta Baba: Flying out soon!
Daniel Strizhevsky: Have a safe journey tabano
Yuta Baba: Landed!!
Chris Acker: Welcome!
Chris Acker: I’d pick you up but I’m at work right now :( 😢
Yuta Baba: All good all good
Yuta Baba: I’ll let I know if I’m stuck at hours at the immigration desk
Yuta Baba: Otherwise I’ll just take Uber
Chris Acker: Sure
Yuta Baba: And I’ll need some rice too!
Yuta Baba: Total of 3 cups sir
Daniel Strizhevsky: Welcome welcome
Chris Acker: @Daniel my son do you want any rice today?  Pls rice
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok I'll start the rice
Chris Acker: Can you pick the Baba up
Daniel Strizhevsky: Samvrutha has the car
Daniel Strizhevsky: I think
Chris Acker: Well we are in a pickle aren’t we
Chris Acker: We should be ashamed
Yuta Baba: Nah all good
Yuta Baba: I’ll just take Uber
Daniel Strizhevsky: Sadababa
Yuta Baba reacted with 😢
Chris Acker: @Yuta, rice? Still at the airport?  I could be there in 40 min
Yuta Baba: Yeah I’m still stuck lol
Yuta Baba: Stuck
Chris Acker: If it’s taking you awhile to go through customs and stuff
Chris Acker: Okay I’ll come up
Yuta Baba: I’m almost there tho
Yuta Baba: Wow
Yuta Baba: Thank u
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yeah sorry I’m still at work and have the car
Samvrutha Tumuluru: But welcome back @Yuta excited to hear of all your adventures at home
Yuta Baba: Yeeeeee see u soon!!
Yuta Baba: Let me know when you can head out @Christopher, would you like any rice today?
Yuta Baba: I can also take Uber as well
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Christopher, I found your A Little Trolling
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Chris Acker what did you decide
Chris Acker: If you wanna go to zareens I’ll go
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Ok I’m down
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Do we order ahead
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Or do we go there
Chris Acker: Either way
Chris Acker: Did you want to eat there or here
Chris Acker: They might not let you sit down there if you order takeout
Daniel Strizhevsky: Nobody wants rice right
Daniel Strizhevsky: Reminder to pay utilities after work today
Chris Acker: This poll is no longer available.
Chris Acker: This poll is no longer available.
Chris Acker: I thought there used to be a way to do reminders in messenger…
Daniel Strizhevsky: This poll is no longer available.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah I think they got rid of it
Samvrutha Tumuluru: This poll is no longer available.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: This poll is no longer available.
Chris Acker: This poll is no longer available.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: This poll is no longer available.
Daniel Strizhevsky: This poll is no longer available.
Yuta Baba: This poll is no longer available.
Yuta Baba: This poll is no longer available.
Daniel Strizhevsky: https://gizmodo.com/squid-game-cryptocurrency-scammers-make-off-with-2-1-m-1847972824
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol it was indeed a scam
Yuta Baba reacted with 😮
Chris Acker reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: Did we remember to pay utilities?
Chris Acker: I paid for it
Yuta Baba: I’m not paying for September utilities Christopher
Yuta Baba: But thank u for paying that :)
Chris Acker: Wait are those utilities based on our use or just split among all of Encores residence equally
Chris Acker: I thought it was the latter
Yuta Baba: Garbage is prob split among all the residents
Yuta Baba: But water that should be based on our usage
Chris Acker: Okay then you definitely don’t have to pay for water.  As for the other utilities, I’ll let you decide
Chris Acker: I’m fine either way
Chris Acker: @Yuta, rice?  Look at our Solana and ARPA
Chris Acker: Oh yeah
Chris Acker: Bussin
Yuta Baba: Holyuuuuuu
Yuta Baba: Look at Sava
Chris Acker reacted with 😮
Yuta Baba: As well
Yuta Baba: Bussiiinnn
Chris Acker: I got 11 shares of albirds
Chris Acker: And it’s bussin
Yuta Baba: Holy moly
Chris Acker: Also @Yuta, rice?  Look at our ARPA
Yuta Baba: Yeah that’s some cray cray
Daniel Strizhevsky: Holy allbirds bussed hard
Chris Acker: Yeah they’ve doubled now
Yuta Baba: #butyoucantsell
Chris Acker: #diamondhands
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I got in on the allbirds as well
Samvrutha Tumuluru: When yuta showed up with his bussin shoes I knew I made a good investment
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: Yeah I like my shoes
Yuta Baba: Good investment
Daniel Strizhevsky: Sweetgreen ipo soon
Daniel Strizhevsky: And expensify
Daniel Strizhevsky: Might get in on those lol
Chris Acker: @here anyone want to run soon?
Yuta Baba sent a sticker.
Chris Acker: 🏃‍♀️ 🏃‍♂️ 🏃
Samvrutha Tumuluru: How far will you be running
Daniel Strizhevsky: Not good not good
Daniel Strizhevsky: This speedrun is going terribly
Daniel Strizhevsky: This is where I'd restart usually
Yuta Baba: 3 mins in
Yuta Baba: Maybe u can make the record
Yuta Baba: The slowest speed run
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Daniel my son do you want any rice today? Are you speed running
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Or slow running
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🥺
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Just asking hehe
Daniel Strizhevsky: If you guys are ricing can you count me in
Chris Acker: I’m not
Daniel Strizhevsky: Understandable have a rice day
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Made you some rice 👍🏽
Chris Acker reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: @Daniel my son do you want any rice today?  Did you do a little trolling???
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol
Chris Acker: I’ll be going to dinner with Zach tonight
Chris Acker: We haven’t decided on a restaurant yet
Chris Acker: Does anyone want to join?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I will be out tonight
Daniel Strizhevsky: I shan't be joining tonight
Yuta Baba: Yeah I’ll pass too
Chris Acker: @Daniel my son do you want any rice today?  @Yuta, rice?  I need reasons from you two
Chris Acker: Otherwise Zachary will think you don’t like him
Yuta Baba: Lol i like him but I’m just not in a mood to meet someone today
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Chris Acker: What mood are you in?
Yuta Baba: Idk
Yuta Baba: I just wanna relax u know
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: We can go to a sushi restaurant and drink
Chris Acker: That relaxing right
Yuta Baba: Fine fine I’ll join u
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: Lol that was easy 😂
Chris Acker: @Daniel my son do you want any rice today?  I’ll tell Zach you will be joining as well
Yuta Baba: Ugh
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Daniel Strizhevsky: Where/when
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Yuta, rice?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Need rice for my lunch
Yuta Baba: Sure
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok making 2 cups
Yuta Baba: I’ll just put in fridge
Yuta Baba: Actually just 1 is fine
Daniel Strizhevsky: Assuming @Christopher, would you like any rice today? Wouldn't  like any rice today
Yuta Baba: Don’t need to make one for me
Daniel Strizhevsky: Are you sure
Yuta Baba: Oh
Yuta Baba: I’ll need one
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol
Yuta Baba: Lol
Yuta Baba: Ik
Daniel Strizhevsky: Why did you change your mind so suddenly
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Where did everyone go
Daniel Strizhevsky: Nihongo event
Yuta Baba: We are coming back
Yuta Baba: Do u guys need anything from Whole Foods
Daniel Strizhevsky: Can I get some rice crackers lol
Yuta Baba: Same kind?
Yuta Baba: As the last time
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah unless you see one that looks better lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: Can I get 2 actually
Yuta Baba reacted with 👍
Yuta Baba: @Daniel Strizhevsky this?
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah
Yuta Baba reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky: https://www.dinneratthezoo.com/grilled-chicken-kabobs/
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Chris Acker: Could Zach come over tonight or is it not a good night ?
Chris Acker: He is taking the week off work and just wants to hang out
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a sticker.
Yuta Baba sent a sticker.
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a sticker.
Chris Acker sent a sticker.
Chris Acker: @Yuta, rice? Are you alright?
Daniel Strizhevsky: What happened to Yuta, rice??
Chris Acker: He didn’t come home last night from SF
Chris Acker: I’m assuming he stayed with his friends up there
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ah quite the party boy
Chris Acker: @Yuta, rice? I’m in sf so let me know if you need me to pick you up
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: What are you doing in that one?
Yuta Baba: Yeah I have a Carleton event today in sf I’ll be back around 5-6
Yuta Baba: Wait ur in sf too @Christopher, would you like any rice today?
Yuta Baba: When are you planning to head back
Yuta Baba: and yeah sorry I should’ve let u guys know I’m safe and sound
Chris Acker: Between 12 and 1
Chris Acker: I’m at a coffee festival
Yuta Baba: Oh
Yuta Baba: Lol
Yuta Baba: Carleton event starts at 2
Yuta Baba: So I’ll just catch a train
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: @Samvrutha Tumuluru  for some reason there is a Waymo station at the coffee festival…
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: And they are driving a juguar nice
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lol what the heck
Daniel Strizhevsky: Woah I really like the mini car
Chris Acker: Apparently they sponsored it
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I see you looking for that referral bonus @Yuta, rice?
Yuta Baba: Ahh….
Yuta Baba: Like 35+ added me on LinkedIn
Yuta Baba: This is madness
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lolol that’s some big $$
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Are you going to refer all of them
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Sorry just testing a few features :)
Chris Acker: What was the first feature
Chris Acker: Copy link
Chris Acker: Open on YouTube
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Can I restart wifi in like 15 mins
Daniel Strizhevsky: It's not working on half my devices
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok I'm going to restart now
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Yuta Baba @Chris Acker
Chris Acker: Okay
Yuta Baba: Wait give me a sec
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Yuta Baba: Give me 3-5
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ready TaBaba ?
Yuta Baba: Still loading the data
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lmk when it's done
Yuta Baba: It’s taking more than it should so let’s just restart
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok ty
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Christopher there are only 3 time slots for covid testing for tomorrow at the place downtown, can you schedule one of them in case they get booked up?
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: i'm sure it's cancellable
Chris Acker: Lol sure
Chris Acker: What is the website
Chris Acker: But I think it’s something I ate yesterdays
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: Cuz my stomach just hurts
Daniel Strizhevsky: https://www.gohealthuc.com/dignity/locations/redwood-city?utm_source=gmb&utm_medium=organic&utm_content=dignity-redwoodcity
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: you can call too
Daniel Strizhevsky: ruh roh
Daniel Strizhevsky: food poisoning??
Daniel Strizhevsky: that's a 1 in 9 chance of SIBO right there
Chris Acker: Yeah maybe I didn’t cook my shrimp enough :(
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Uh oh that’s not good
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Can you still smell stuff
Chris Acker: Yes
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Christopher, there is rice for you if you are interested
Yuta Baba: How u feelin @Chris Acker
Chris Acker: Feeling a bit better thx
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Yuta Baba: Lmk if you need anything
Yuta Baba: Also apparently all adults can get the booster shot
Yuta Baba: I also just scheduled a flu shot
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Yuta Baba: And the booster
Yuta Baba: The first one available is later December tho
Yuta Baba: You should prob start scheduling
Daniel Strizhevsky: SOMEbody left the fridge door wide open and it got to 46 in there! Bad!
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Yuta Baba: Oh no
Yuta Baba: Must be also me
Yuta Baba: My bad
Daniel Strizhevsky: It's ok taba taba
Chris Acker: I scheduled a booster for this Tuesday
Chris Acker: Through the Stanford health system
Yuta Baba: Wait this Tuesday?
Yuta Baba: How
Yuta Baba: @Samvrutha Tumuluru please read your ticket itinerary more carefully
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lol
Yuta Baba: Also Chris does not admit that he lost the chess match
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yo it was an adventure
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: Eeeeeeehhhhhuuuuuiiiiaaaassswwwee.     Ggghjgdhh gfgv. G. Cmc
Yuta Baba: Glad you made it tho
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Did Dan tell you the whole story
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Also why is the winning contentious
Yuta Baba: That you went to the wrong terminal, that you had to run and that the flight got delayed?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yeah
Yuta Baba: Idk can u plz ask him
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I ran 3/4 of a mile
Samvrutha Tumuluru: But the bag was heavy
Yuta Baba: With that bag?
Yuta Baba: Holy cow
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yeah
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Chris Acker why won’t you admit
Yuta Baba: This is Chris and it was not a match, it was a *game* in which I almost tied Yuta
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lol no almost tying in chess unless you draw
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Oh yeah bag counted as personal item 🙌🏽
Yuta Baba reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru: No one called me out
Daniel Strizhevsky: Frick yeah
Yuta Baba: Thank u
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I lucked out and got one of those extra space seats
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Can literally stretch my legs all the way out and doesn’t reach the chair in front
Yuta Baba reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: Quite fast up in here, I'm good
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: I don't think I've ever been to SFO terminal 1 before
Daniel Strizhevsky: But it's crazy
Daniel Strizhevsky: Really fancy and much higher tech
Daniel Strizhevsky: There's like a museum
Daniel Strizhevsky: And the security line is quite impressive
Daniel Strizhevsky: Or maybe they just renovated everything idk
Chris Acker: Safeway just sent Yuta a message saying that the lettuce he bought was recalled lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: Uh oh
Daniel Strizhevsky: Did he eat any
Chris Acker: Yes
Chris Acker: He’s been eating
Daniel Strizhevsky: This is sad
Daniel Strizhevsky: Recalled for what reason
Yuta Baba: E. coli….
Yuta Baba: Potential contamination
Daniel Strizhevsky: Sad
Daniel Strizhevsky: Good luck taba taba
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Best of luck baba
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'm above Stanislaus national forest and yosemite
Daniel Strizhevsky: Flying during the day is really cool loo
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: What is this
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Yuta Baba: A drawing?
Yuta Baba: Like what Nazka has?
Daniel Strizhevsky: What's nazka
Daniel Strizhevsky: I found it
Daniel Strizhevsky: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crescent_Dunes_Solar_Energy_Project
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Samvrutha Tumuluru did we see this in that green energy documentary
Yuta Baba: Oh I spelled it wrong
Yuta Baba: Nazca
Daniel Strizhevsky: Woah I didn't know about that that's pretty cool
Yuta Baba: Can we go to Peru
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yes I asked that yesterday
Yuta Baba: Heck yaaaaa
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Don’t remember looks cool though
Samvrutha Tumuluru: My dad wants to hike Machu pichu
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Nazca looks cool as heck I think I’ve seen it before on the history channel
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Ancient aliens or whatever
Yuta Baba: Yeah except people actually drew the lines
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lol of course ancient aliens is a dumb show and down fall of history channel IMHO
Yuta Baba: Oh good good I thought you actually beloved aliens drew them lol
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: Dumb dumb
Chris Acker reacted with 😠
Yuta Baba: Christopher
Yuta Baba shared a video.
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Tababa he told you not to tell anyone the secret
Chris Acker reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru: But now you’ve already told us!
Chris Acker reacted with 😢
Yuta Baba: Ah shoot
Chris Acker reacted with 😠
Yuta Baba: Oooops
Chris Acker reacted with 😠
Chris Acker: Tababaaaaaka
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: This is a lot of work for a little ice cream lol
Chris Acker: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X0Tkz7IrFgA
Chris Acker shared a link.
Chris Acker: Anyone want to go?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol I'm down
Daniel Strizhevsky: Camera and lens are bought, a new era has begun
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Chris Acker reacted with 🥳
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: Hopefully not too similar to the short cycling era of 2020-2021
Chris Acker reacted with 😢
Daniel Strizhevsky: Or the climbing era of august 2021 - august 2021
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Chris Acker reacted with 😬
Yuta Baba reacted with 😢
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 2022 will bring a new round
Yuta Baba: @Christopher, would you like any rice today? Ready to go soon?
Chris Acker: No I don’t need rice, thanks
Chris Acker: And yes I’m ready
Chris Acker: You set your nickname to Chris, you are the best. Also,.
Yuta Baba: I heard @Chris Acker sent you an invitation to venture x
Yuta Baba: I can also send you an invite plz accept mine instead
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: Nope
Chris Acker: First come first served
Yuta Baba: No
Yuta Baba: Hey stack
Yuta Baba: Data structure
Yuta Baba: Last one goes first
Chris Acker: No it’s a Queue.  First come first served
Yuta Baba: Think about the email
Yuta Baba: last one gets read first
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'll auction it off
Daniel Strizhevsky: Bid for me
Yuta Baba: How about 100 bucks as my generous donation to you sir
Yuta Baba: You can’t still my idea Christopher
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lol I didn’t realize I had so many options!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Yuta, rice? Who referred you
Yuta Baba: Lol no one
Yuta Baba: Wasted opportunity
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Chris Acker are you supposed to fly today? Are you affected by the SFO strikes
Yuta Baba: He already went to the airport…
Chris Acker: What the heck
Chris Acker: I didn’t know about them
Chris Acker: About to land in Dallas
Daniel Strizhevsky: Oh gg
Daniel Strizhevsky: Were you not in terminal 3 then?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Or it might've been after you got there
Chris Acker: I was in the same terminal as you were
Chris Acker: Whichever that was
Daniel Strizhevsky: Uno
Daniel Strizhevsky: (one in Spanish)
Daniel Strizhevsky: Tommy has been messaging me every day or two telling me he's sold another nft for like 5-10k lol
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: Kids these days and their internet pictures
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: I don’t like my new phone case
Yuta Baba: Yikes
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Daniel Strizhevsky: Sad
Daniel Strizhevsky: Why
Yuta Baba: I got used to Samvrutha’s thin phone case
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: Now it’s too thick
Yuta Baba: *the new ones
Daniel Strizhevsky: Welcome to the light side
Daniel Strizhevsky: Soon you will be living the no case lifestyle
Chris Acker reacted with 👍
Yuta Baba: I need a phone case tho cuz I need to bring my id
Yuta Baba: I’ll keep using her case for now I guess
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: Wallet
Yuta Baba: Yeah I no longer bring one
Yuta Baba: Cuz all credit cards in my Apple wallet
Daniel Strizhevsky: Epic pass
Chris Acker: Just wait until Royal
Yuta Baba: Ah
Yuta Baba: I don’t need to bring it everyday tho
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Look at this bad boi
Yuta Baba: Is that
Yuta Baba: Your new Mac booooook?!?!?!
Daniel Strizhevsky: Very nice fattboii
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Yuta Baba reacted with 😢
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: Yeah it’s insanely Fat
Samvrutha Tumuluru: FRICC YEAH
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Also may case holds 3 cards
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 4 if you squeeze
Yuta Baba reacted with 😮
Yuta Baba: Two is good for me!
Daniel Strizhevsky: Happy turkey day young ones
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yes gobble gobble
Samvrutha Tumuluru: May the turkeys live and prosper
Yuta Baba reacted with 😢
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: Look at this pupper
Chris Acker: Happy thx giving
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I want a dog
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Daniel Strizhevsky
Daniel Strizhevsky: Dungle
Daniel Strizhevsky: I found one
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😠
Daniel Strizhevsky: Nvm on second thought that's a duck
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😠
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a video.
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Why is your dad worried about farts
Daniel Strizhevsky: reading about tesla fart mode
Daniel Strizhevsky: i turned it on so it farts every time you press the turn signal
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba reacted with 😢
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Was he confused
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Or did they realize immediately that it’s the car
Daniel Strizhevsky: no he knww
Daniel Strizhevsky: he realized
Yuta Baba: Does it smell every time the turn signal is on
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: no sir
Yuta Baba: Ok good cuz that would be a nightmare
Chris Acker: Happy Birthday @Samvrutha Tumuluru !! 🥳 🎂 🎉
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Thank you!!! @Chris, you are the best. Also, lol when did you change your nickname 😂😂
Chris Acker: Lol thanks!  And I changed it a few days ago
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: Holy cow you're awake early
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: Did the rooster get spooked at an early hour?
Chris Acker: What lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: What else could have caused such a premature awakening???
Chris Acker: 10 am is not early
Daniel Strizhevsky: Oh
Daniel Strizhevsky: You're back on the east coast
Daniel Strizhevsky: I forgor 💀
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: 😂
Daniel Strizhevsky: ok bois
Daniel Strizhevsky: time for the first PHOTO COMPARISON CHALLENGE
Daniel Strizhevsky: wait hold on lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: this is awkward
Daniel Strizhevsky: i think something's wrong with my laptop
Daniel Strizhevsky: oh nvm
Daniel Strizhevsky: the preview thing is weird
Daniel Strizhevsky: ok here it is
Daniel Strizhevsky: facebook will reduce the quality of both to make it even more fair 🙂
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Yuta Baba: Wait what are these
Daniel Strizhevsky: one photo from my phone, one from my camera
Yuta Baba: Ooooooo
Yuta Baba: Your camera took the first one
Yuta Baba: Plz I’m right
Daniel Strizhevsky: i want to see others guess first before i provide teh answer 🙂
Yuta Baba reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky: They're also both quite compressed by fb lol
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 1st one is camera
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Second one is not v good
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Can’t see bullshnit in the low light lol
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Are you sure you tried your hardest
Samvrutha Tumuluru: To make them fair
Chris Acker: 1st one camera
Daniel Strizhevsky: yeah i tried my hardest
Daniel Strizhevsky: ok I will tally up the scores!
Daniel Strizhevsky: and we shall see how many people got it right!
Daniel Strizhevsky: and the answer is...
Daniel Strizhevsky: first one is the GOOGLE PIXEL 6 PRO!!!
second one is the FUJIFILM X-T30!!!

that means 0/3 of you were right! CONGRATULATIONS if you were one of the 0 who answered correctly!!! if not, don't worry, you'll have more opportunities to try again!!!
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Yuta Baba reacted with 😢
Samvrutha Tumuluru: This is sad
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Why couldn’t I tell
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 😩
Daniel Strizhevsky: hmm not sure
Daniel Strizhevsky: maybe it looked different on your screen than mine
Daniel Strizhevsky: background is brighter on th first one but the google wifi is brighter on teh second oen
Daniel Strizhevsky: first one looks very noisy to me
Chris Acker: You sent a live location.
Chris Acker shared a link.
Chris Acker: @Daniel I’ve infiltrated your state
Samvrutha Tumuluru: snabrutha sent a live location.
Samvrutha Tumuluru shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Why have you done such a thing
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Christopher probably heard of the wonders of New Jersey and had to confirm himself that it is better than Maryland
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Will you two be meeting up and then going to Massachusetts soon?
Daniel Strizhevsky: I will be infiltrating New York instead
Chris Acker: Maryland is better, and I’m confirming this
Chris Acker: Thus*
Chris Acker: I am going to New York
Chris Acker: City
Samvrutha Tumuluru: :O
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Can you please
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Meet up
Samvrutha Tumuluru: With Daniel
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Since he will also be there
Samvrutha Tumuluru: And then send a picture
Chris Acker: He didn’t mean New York State?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: So that redwood rebels may always remember
Samvrutha Tumuluru: No he is going into the city too lol
Chris Acker: Where is he going in NYC
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Daniel Strizhevsky
Chris Acker: We are going to see a show on broadway
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Samvrutha Tumuluru: We must await his answer I’ve reached the limits of my knowledge
Samvrutha Tumuluru: All we need now is for @Yuta, rice? to show up in Orlando
Chris Acker: @Yuta, rice? Do you have any plans to go to lake banana
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: Are you driving back the same day
Daniel Strizhevsky: We're gonna go to central park I think
Chris Acker: No we are driving out tomorrow morning
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: And I fly out of Philadelphia back to SF
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: Wow very interesting development we have going here
Daniel Strizhevsky: When is your show
Chris Acker: 1:30 I think
Chris Acker: Are you already in The City
Daniel Strizhevsky: No sir
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Well here is a sneak peek for you
Daniel Strizhevsky: Looks bustlin'
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I’ve been boosted!
Daniel Strizhevsky: Congratulation
Daniel Strizhevsky: How does it feel
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I’ll let you guys know how it goes
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Ok so far
Samvrutha Tumuluru: But it’s been like 15 mins
Daniel Strizhevsky: Understandable
Chris Acker: Did you get Moderna
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: I’m in the theater
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Looks cool
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'm in the city
Chris Acker reacted with 😮
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Chris Acker which play
Chris Acker: See u soon buh
Chris Acker: Hadestown
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yup
Daniel Strizhevsky: 🤩
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: It’s supposed to be good so let’s see
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: Good luck have fun
Chris Acker: It is cold here
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Please elaborate
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yes
Daniel Strizhevsky: We must go home now
Daniel Strizhevsky: We will meet again another time @Christopher
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Chris Acker: Good bye Daniel
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Daniel Strizhevsky: May we meet once more at a place where the Land meets the Sea, and the Children of the Night dance with the Birds of the Starry Skies
Chris Acker: I guess that’s your description of redwood city?
Chris Acker: I will be there waiting for you so that we might Bus again
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yes sir
Daniel Strizhevsky: alright my brethren
Daniel Strizhevsky: it is time yet again
Daniel Strizhevsky: for a CAMERA VS PIXEL 6 PRO TEST
Chris Acker: Are you sure?
Chris Acker: It didn’t go that well last time…
Daniel Strizhevsky: that is why today you three will have a chance to redeem yourselves
Daniel Strizhevsky: this time I took 2 pictures with the pixel and one with the camera. last time you guys did a Great Job! so this time I will make it more difficult
Daniel Strizhevsky: I will choose the better of the two pixel photos
Daniel Strizhevsky: and compare that against the camera photo
Daniel Strizhevsky: frick
Daniel Strizhevsky: these pictures look really different
Daniel Strizhevsky: and my pixel didn't actually switch to the telephoto lens when i zoomed in so that picture is unusable lol
Chris Acker: Are we gonna see them
Chris Acker: Or is this round canceled
Daniel Strizhevsky: let me see what i can do
Daniel Strizhevsky: should i adjust brightness and/or crop things
Daniel Strizhevsky: to make them more similar
Daniel Strizhevsky: or just straight out of camera only
Daniel Strizhevsky: ok i've decided to do light editing
Daniel Strizhevsky: only thing i did was crop in and bring down the shadows on one of them
Daniel Strizhevsky: to make it more even
Daniel Strizhevsky: don't zoom in super hard or it'll be obvious that one of them is cropped in
Daniel Strizhevsky: hold on actually
Daniel Strizhevsky: ok
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I like the second one
Daniel Strizhevsky: what about it do you prefer? i want to make sure I didn't bias muchly by adjusting one of them
Daniel Strizhevsky: thank you
Daniel Strizhevsky: actually delete that
Daniel Strizhevsky: to not bias the others
Daniel Strizhevsky: i've got another one once this one is accounted for
Chris Acker: Second one
Chris Acker: Is the one I like better
Daniel Strizhevsky: thank you for your vote, we will wait ta Baba
Yuta Baba: The second one better be taken by the camera
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Booster side effects == 2nd shot side effects
Samvrutha Tumuluru: GL
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ty
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Hopefully I will reach the other side soon
Daniel Strizhevsky: Become Ascended
Yuta Baba: Modernas second shot is half a dose and my arm hurt for a couple of days but it was much lighter this time
Yuta Baba: @Daniel Strizhevsky I got a subscription for master class and there some courses on photography
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Yuta Baba: Lmk if u r interested
Daniel Strizhevsky: not bad
Daniel Strizhevsky: maybe at a later date
Yuta Baba reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky: speaking of photography
Daniel Strizhevsky: All 3 out of 3 of you were correct! The second picture was taken by the FUJIFILM X-T30 MIRRORLESS CAMERA SYSTEM
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: and the first was taken by the GOOGLE PIXEL 6 PRO
Yuta Baba: I sensed the depth from the second photo
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: Honestly if the first one were the answer
Daniel Strizhevsky: that would be sad lol
Yuta Baba: I would have said the camera is nooo gucci
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: here is a bonus picture 🙂
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Yuta Baba: This is by the camera right
Daniel Strizhevsky: yeah lol
Yuta Baba: The leaves are soooo crisp
Daniel Strizhevsky: yee
Daniel Strizhevsky: soon when we return home
Daniel Strizhevsky: we will make a film
Daniel Strizhevsky: very professional it will be
Yuta Baba: #tiktokoryoutube
Daniel Strizhevsky: neither
Daniel Strizhevsky: https://www.festival-cannes.com/en/
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: we willcall it
Daniel Strizhevsky: "Ta Baba Is You"
Yuta Baba: Holy cow
Yuta Baba: I’d be so down
Daniel Strizhevsky: asme
Daniel Strizhevsky: aNW
Daniel Strizhevsky: SAME
Daniel Strizhevsky: same
Daniel Strizhevsky: *
Yuta Baba: Also @Chris Acker
Yuta Baba: Wya
Chris Acker: Asmr
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😠
Chris Acker: I’m coming back in an Uber now
Daniel Strizhevsky: welcome
Daniel Strizhevsky: May the children of the light bequeath upon you their throne
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: Uber from NY to SF cost $3000 😱
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: But it’ll be worth it to see the sights
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: wait if it's that cheap for an uberXL that's reasonably worht it i'd say
Daniel Strizhevsky: split between 5 people or so
Chris Acker: JUST KIDDING BOIS
Chris Acker: I flew back in an airplane
Yuta Baba reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: And now I’m just Ubering from the airport
Yuta Baba reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky: boring
Daniel Strizhevsky: The children of the light will be un-queathing the throne
Chris Acker: they’ll try
Daniel Strizhevsky: Try they will, try they will indeed
Daniel Strizhevsky: Btw I asked my sister if rice? And Also, can stay at their house
Daniel Strizhevsky: She said yeah
Daniel Strizhevsky: Basically weekends we can use up to 3 rooms
Daniel Strizhevsky: Weekdays we can use up to 3 rooms if needed but preferably 1-2
Daniel Strizhevsky: And realistically we could even all fit in one room if we needed to lol
Chris Acker: That’s nice of her
Chris Acker: Tababs and I could always share
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yes sir so we can go every weekend :)
Daniel Strizhevsky: And they even have humidifiers
Daniel Strizhevsky: We can stick them up tababas nose
Daniel Strizhevsky: We checked humidity there a couple days ago and my sister said it was like 25% in her house :)Baba
Yuta Baba reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: So good luck
Chris Acker: What a water boy 💦 👦
Daniel Strizhevsky: A water-hungry fiend, a gnomic lad is he. Put him in a field, and he'll find a river with glee
Chris Acker: And drink will he, and greedily. Slurp he will, but he’ll never have his fill. Devourer of all that is moist, the aqua demon, TaBaBa
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: That’s so sweet of her!
Yuta Baba: And yeah I’m gonna sleep with a humidifier
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: Literally hugging it
Yuta Baba: While sleeping
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'll ask to put all the humidifiers in one room
Daniel Strizhevsky: Btw is $158 round trip to Hawaii a good deal
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: Too much humidity is bad too
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🥺
Daniel Strizhevsky: Should we go to hawaii
Yuta Baba: My room got molded after using too much humidifier
Yuta Baba: Not this one the old house
Daniel Strizhevsky: Sad
Chris Acker: Moldy*
Daniel Strizhevsky: Get molded on
Chris Acker reacted with 😠
Yuta Baba: I had to throw out my ikea dresser
Yuta Baba: I have set up my payment to encore using ventureX
Yuta Baba: speaking of which
Yuta Baba: Have you two considered my offer?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Thinking about it
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: How about you buy the 4 of us a 1 week trip to Hawaii, and samvrutha and I both give you the referral
Daniel Strizhevsky: $160 flight
Daniel Strizhevsky: $300 each for Airbnb
Samvrutha Tumuluru: YES
Daniel Strizhevsky: That's $450 per person
Daniel Strizhevsky: You pay for me and samvrutha = 900 but you get a lot of points back
Daniel Strizhevsky: And you get $2k
Daniel Strizhevsky: Seems worth imo
Daniel Strizhevsky: You don't have to pay for Chris
Yuta Baba: Hawaii tho?
Yuta Baba: When are you thinking of going?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Isn't $160 a good deal? Idk we might want a break from skiing for one week
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I WANT HAWAII
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba reacted with 😮
Yuta Baba: Let me think about your offer Dan
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: Or maybe iceland
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I want Hawaii
Chris Acker: I’ll pay for your ticket to Iceland
Chris Acker: Idk about Hawaii
Daniel Strizhevsky: Bumbo
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I want Hawaii
Yuta Baba reacted with 😢
Daniel Strizhevsky: May I recommend you boys try https://adventofcode.com/
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Chris Acker reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: It's a competition-ish thing with 1 new problem every day for 25 days starting today
Daniel Strizhevsky: Someone at work posted about it, looks p fun
Chris Acker reacted with 👍
Chris Acker: How did you guys clean the inside of your car windshield
Chris Acker: Mine is getting rather dirty
Yuta Baba: #chriscleanshiscar
Daniel Strizhevsky: I wouldn't say we cleaned it successfully
Daniel Strizhevsky: We used Windex and paper towels, didn't work so well
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'm gonna try a microfiber cloth similar to my glasses cloth next time
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky: And how did you sirs do on today's problem, may I ask?
Chris Acker: i'll do it now
Daniel Strizhevsky: thank you sir. i recommend you start at 9PM SHARP next time to have a chance at fame on the leaderboard
Daniel Strizhevsky: this will be exQUIsite interview practic as well
Chris Acker: If it gets harder it will be!
Daniel Strizhevsky: it will, slowly
Daniel Strizhevsky: i think
Daniel Strizhevsky: so i heard
Chris Acker: Iceland flights are expensive!
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ruh roh
Yuta Baba: I just paid other fees for October but I wasn’t here
Yuta Baba: Can I distribute to all three?
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a sticker.
Chris Acker: I don’t want to cause a skirmish here because I really don’t care that much, and it’s not like it’s a lot of money or anything.  But in my opinion, I think that we should all split evenly the charges that are not usage based (i.e. garbage).  For things that are usage based like water and electricity, it makes sense that only the people living in the apartment are paying.
Chris Acker: Like, if all four of us were out for a month, would no one pay?
Yuta Baba: I’d be ok w that as well
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah I think that's fair
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a sticker.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Chris, you are the best. Also, I see you have a new insta
Chris Acker: Thank!
Chris Acker: And yeah I finally made one
Daniel Strizhevsky: Oh I just got the joke
Daniel Strizhevsky: Of why your name ends in Also,
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: Lol
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: Very nice
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lol
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Samvrutha set her own nickname to Samvrutha let's go get a dog! Also,.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol nice
Yuta Baba shared a video.
Yuta Baba: Damn a party is going on
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 🎊
Daniel Strizhevsky: Bussin
Chris Acker: remember to do the coding challen ge!!@
Chris Acker: get reeady to busss!!!!
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ugh
Daniel Strizhevsky: That was bad
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Daniel Strizhevsky: Should we make a leaderboard for our house
Chris Acker: I don’t want to
Chris Acker: I’m not good at reading comprehension lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: Understandable
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Yuta, rice? or @Chris, you are the best. Also, could one of you please water our 3 friendly neighborhood house plants 🙂🪴🪴🪴
Yuta Baba reacted with 👍
Yuta Baba: Will do later today
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I had a dream and the 3 of you were there and then I woke up and the 3 of you were there and I told you about the dream in great detail and then I woke up for real but now I don’t remember the details of the dream
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: TaBaba  did you water?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Time to do yesterday's advent of Code problem
Daniel Strizhevsky: As I was too BOOSTED
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: To do it last night
Chris Acker: What is boosted
Daniel Strizhevsky: Me last night
Yuta Baba: Yes I’m a responsible guy
Yuta Baba: Yuta set his own nickname to Yuta, the responsible.
Chris Acker: That’s weird because I had a dream that Samvrutha told me about a dream she had the precious night.  But i forget what it was
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: Previous*
Chris Acker: I also did not perform the advent last night. Because I too was boosted
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: Thank you tababa
Daniel Strizhevsky: I don't think you were boosted
Chris Acker: Why
Chris Acker: Why can you be boosted but I can’t be boosted
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: Because I was truly boosted
Daniel Strizhevsky: You can't just say you were boosted
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: No I was
Chris Acker: I was boosted
Chris Acker: I was you last night
Daniel Strizhevsky: No I was me last night
Daniel Strizhevsky: Anyway I have absolved myself of my sins by Respecting the Advent todat
Samvrutha Tumuluru: That’s wild maybe we were in some dream universe
Daniel Strizhevsky: hey this guy said cromulent
Daniel Strizhevsky: https://youtu.be/qRVhii2Dke4?t=93
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: hey @Yuta Baba do you know a Shintaro Nakamura from Edanishi, Aoba, Yokohama?
Yuta Baba: Ido what does he do?
Yuta Baba: idk
Yuta Baba: *
Daniel Strizhevsky: No idea
Yuta Baba: Lol how do you know this person?
Yuta Baba: I know where aoba is tho
Daniel Strizhevsky: He was my friend in like 3rd grade
Daniel Strizhevsky: Until he moved back to japan
Yuta Baba: Oooooo i don’t know ur ba Dan
Daniel Strizhevsky: What's a ba
Yuta Baba: Bro
Chris Acker: It’s a buh
Daniel Strizhevsky: Sad
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a video.
Chris Acker: Bright lights, big kitty
Chris Acker: Sums it up pretty well
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yes sir
Chris Acker: @Yuta, the responsible do you want any 🍚?
Chris Acker: You set your nickname to 🍣.
Chris Acker: You set your nickname to C🍣.
Yuta Baba: Yes sir
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I made a short film
Samvrutha Tumuluru: https://youtu.be/qVzZxfdQuJk
Samvrutha Tumuluru shared a link.
Chris Acker: It’s very good!
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: When is your second video coming out??
Yuta Baba: I like it!
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: Tho I don’t feel like the title captures the whole video
Yuta Baba: But the transition was very smooth and the music goes well w the video
Yuta Baba: I like that you wrote all the roles in making this video lol
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: You don’t know that
Chris Acker: Maybe the birds were Samvrutha’s parents
Chris Acker: Maybe it was to capture the feeling of looking out over a lake at dawn
Chris Acker: Unfortunately I think the stranger things soundtrack is copyrighted so you can’t release this to the public
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🥺
Daniel Strizhevsky: I think it's a good title
Daniel Strizhevsky: What would you name it @Yuta Baba
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: You frickin baba you left your food out overnight
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Chris Acker: And uncovered
Chris Acker: I’ll put it in the fridge for you but hopefully it hasn’t gone bad!
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Daniel Strizhevsky: Uh oh...
Daniel Strizhevsky: Oh hey I watched a YouTube video about how some kid died that way
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: By being left out over night?
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: No the kid wasn't left out overnight
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: His spaghetti Bolognese was
Chris Acker reacted with 😮
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: But his roommate put it in the fridge so he didn't know it had been left out
Daniel Strizhevsky: And then he died
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: Bolognese NUTZ
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: Gottem
Chris Acker: That’s why I notified taBaba
Daniel Strizhevsky: Very good
Yuta Baba: I don’t wanna die eating the food…
Yuta Baba: That would be very sad
Chris Acker: @Yuta, the responsible I accidentally left my coffee on the floor in the entranceway.  Can you responsibly move it to the kitchen counter?
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: I was going to bring it to work but I forgot :(
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Yuta Baba: Yes sir
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: Please answer
Yuta Baba: Oh sorry I totally forgot
Yuta Baba: Ah
Yuta Baba: Family walk
Yuta Baba: Morning/afternoon walk
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: So if you were gonna go to the movie theater
Yuta Baba: I don’t know I would focus more on the fact that it is a snapshot of the daily life
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: And one movie was named "Bird Watching"
Daniel Strizhevsky: And another was named "Morning/afternoon Walk"
Daniel Strizhevsky: You would go watch the second one???
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Chris Acker reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: Hmmm good point
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I’m glad you all enjoyed my film
Yuta Baba: I think academic movies and commercial movies are different
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Samvrutha let's go get a dog! Also, tell tababa it's not based on a true story
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Next one may come out after we go to Sedona
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Or maybe sooner if the inspiration strikes
Yuta Baba: Is the title gon be cactus watching
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: That's a good idea
Yuta Baba: I would be intrigued by that title
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: It’s based on a true story
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Except my parents don’t watch the birds
Samvrutha Tumuluru: They just walk
Samvrutha Tumuluru: And the birds are there
Samvrutha Tumuluru: So the sitting and watching part was not true
Daniel Strizhevsky: Loosely based on a true story
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru: And the one speaking line was also scripted
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I told my mom to say I wonder if the birds will be out today
Yuta Baba reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: The bird sounds are real though
Samvrutha Tumuluru: And not scripted
Samvrutha Tumuluru: They like to yell a lot
Yuta Baba: Geese are scary
Yuta Baba: They can bite
Yuta Baba: Very hard
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lol silly tababa those aren’t geese
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: Damnit
Yuta Baba: Whatever the bird is
Yuta Baba: When you zoom up
Yuta Baba: I was horrified
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: What if it attacks Samvrutha
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: “The Birds are There”
Loosely based on a true story
Coming to a Cinemax theater near you
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba reacted with 😆
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Now this is what we should have used for hotpot
Yuta Baba: Yum yum
Chris Acker: @Daniel my son do you want any rice today? @Samvrutha let's go get a dog! Also,
Chris Acker: Gordon Ramsay is talking about your tomatoes
Chris Acker shared a video.
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: That’s some good farmers market tomato’s
Daniel Strizhevsky: Why's the subwoofer on the left
Daniel Strizhevsky: Wait that's not the subwoofer
Daniel Strizhevsky: What is that ... THING???
Chris Acker: ????
Daniel Strizhevsky: What is the thing
Daniel Strizhevsky: On the left
Daniel Strizhevsky: You can't hide this from me
Chris Acker: Baba Taba wanted a little more bass
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: And tweetness
Daniel Strizhevsky: No way baba taba wanted more bass
Daniel Strizhevsky: I don't buy it
Daniel Strizhevsky: Go on
Yuta Baba: Yaaaas
Daniel Strizhevsky: Spill the beans
Yuta Baba: I need that for this coming holiday season
Yuta Baba: When u guys are away
Yuta Baba: Need to host parties
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: Lol it was not baba sans purchase
Daniel Strizhevsky: Is it a mini fridge shaped like a speaker
Daniel Strizhevsky: It's a mini fridge isn't it
Chris Acker: It has a little stand so the sound does go through the floor
Chris Acker: What the heck
Chris Acker: It’s far too small for that
Daniel Strizhevsky: Does or doesn't
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Does seems bad
Chris Acker: Doesn’t
Daniel Strizhevsky: Does it connect to the other speakers
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Why are you a sushi keychain btw
Daniel Strizhevsky: Or what does it do
Chris Acker: You will see on Sunday :)
Chris Acker: When you are returned
Daniel Strizhevsky: Mokay
Chris Acker: You will have to experience it alone as Taba and I will be in yuta
Daniel Strizhevsky: How will I know how to experience it
Yuta Baba: *utah
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🤜
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👎
Yuta Baba: You’ll figure it out
Yuta Baba: It’s easy peasy
Yuta Baba: Press the button and it’s a whole new world
Samvrutha Tumuluru: ?
Daniel Strizhevsky: I don't trust like that
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: Well it’s a new stuff we have anyway
Daniel Strizhevsky: Where's the liquid ass
Chris Acker: Sadly the sushi keychain does not let you @
Daniel Strizhevsky: That's what I'm looking forward to most
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @C🍣
Daniel Strizhevsky: @C🍣
Chris Acker: Oh it does
Daniel Strizhevsky: 😇
Yuta Baba: @C
Daniel Strizhevsky: Where's my liquid ass
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a gif.
Daniel Strizhevsky: (The extraction of liquid ass, 2021, colorized)
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: It’s in parkridge nj
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: On you
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Samvrutha Tumuluru: But why are you a sushi keychain
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @C🍣
Chris Acker: How do you know that it’s a sushi keychain
Chris Acker: When there is no keychain part
Chris Acker: And only the sushi
Chris Acker: I’m really curious about this
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I thought the c was the keychain part
Chris Acker: Holy moly that’s embarrassing
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: You set your nickname to Chris and left the chat.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lololol
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Nice try
Chris Acker: You set your nickname to Chris and joined the chat again.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I believe for maybe a second
Chris Acker: You set your nickname to 🍣.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: You didn’t like the keychain?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Samvrutha set her own nickname to 🦮.
Daniel Strizhevsky: striz set the nickname for Yuta Baba to 😶‍🌫️.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @🍣
Samvrutha Tumuluru: snabrutha set the nickname for Daniel Strizhevsky to 📸🔦.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Why do I get two emojis but everyone else gets one???
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Fine pick your favorite
Daniel Strizhevsky: Daniel set his own nickname to 🍄.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Chose tree
Chris Acker: What the heck is @Yuta Baba
Daniel Strizhevsky: @😶‍🌫️ is a child of the clouds
Daniel Strizhevsky: Daniel set his own nickname to 😵‍💫.
Daniel Strizhevsky: (grandchild of the sky)
Yuta Baba: Yuta set his own nickname to 💈.
Daniel Strizhevsky: striz set the nickname for Yuta Baba to 😶‍🌫️.
Yuta Baba: Friccccck
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: Hush my child of the clouds
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: I want to be the harbor
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🚣‍♀️
Daniel Strizhevsky: Let their warm blanky-like softness comfort you
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Samvrutha set her own nickname to 🐣.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Which blanky though
Yuta Baba reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Good blanky?
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Better blanky?
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Bed like blanky?
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: Better blanky
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: Barber shop
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Bed blanky?
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: Yuta set his own nickname to 💈💈💈💈💈💈💈💈.
Yuta Baba: Impressed w @Samvrutha Tumuluru
Yuta Baba: Know all the names of the blankets
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Samvrutha set her own nickname to 👋🏽🌞💤🌞👋🏽🌜💤🌛.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Daniel set his own nickname to 👉👁️👄👁️👈.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: My name tells a story
Daniel Strizhevsky: Hello sun
Daniel Strizhevsky: Goodnight sun
Daniel Strizhevsky: Hello moon
Daniel Strizhevsky: Goodnight moon
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Not sure what yours is supposed to mean
Daniel Strizhevsky: 👑
             👁️ 👁️
                👃
                👅
          /—‘     ‘—\
         / /  | .  . |  \ \ 
        / /   |      |   \ \
       / /    |      |    \ \
     (👉  ( 🍆 )  👈) 
             / /    \ \
            / /      \ \
           / /        \ \ 
          / /          \ \
       —-            -—
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @💈💈💈💈💈💈💈💈 I let you down
Daniel Strizhevsky: Daniel set his own nickname to 👉👁️👅👁️👈.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: This should have been Brooklinen blanky
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🥺
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I understand now
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Chris Acker: Tababa I’m turning on the heat because it is too cold in here for me
Yuta Baba: Wait u r back? Yea sure
Chris Acker: Just got back
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah that's ok
Chris Acker: You set your nickname to 👅👁☝️👁👅.
Chris Acker: You set your nickname to \n\n\n\n\n.
Chris Acker: You set your nickname to window.prompt().
Chris Acker: You set your nickname to <script>window.prompt("hello")</script>.
Chris Acker: Hello
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yes
Chris Acker: sir
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yes sir
Chris Acker: keep up the good work you hardy trout
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'm not a Hardy trout
Chris Acker: Don’t try to fool me you brisk yeoman
Daniel Strizhevsky: thank you
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: @Daniel Strizhevsky Have you been doing your advent of code??
Chris Acker: Like a good blustery boi?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yes sir
Daniel Strizhevsky: Today's will be a bit late
Daniel Strizhevsky: But I've done all those before
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Yuta Baba: @Daniel Strizhevsky my friend gave me a lot of clementines feel free to eat then when you come back
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: Holy cow
Yuta Baba: They are yum yum
Daniel Strizhevsky: Thank you I will eat heartily
Daniel Strizhevsky: Are you guys excited to ski
Yuta Baba: Yea
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yea
Chris Acker: Stop it @Samvrutha Tumuluru you are not skiing with us this weekend
Samvrutha Tumuluru: :(
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Samvrutha set her own nickname to 👋🏽🌞💤🌞👋🏽🌜💤🌛⛷⛷⛷⛷⛷⛷⛷⛷⛷⛷⛷⛷⛷⛷⛷⛷⛷⛷.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Not what my name says
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Samvrutha set her own nickname to 👋🏽🌞💤🌞👋🏽🌜💤🌛⛷⛷⛷⛷⛷⛷⛷⛷⛷⛷⛷⛷⛷⛷⛷⛷📆.
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: One of the bar stools is casting an interesting light onto the wall
Daniel Strizhevsky: Spoon
Yuta Baba: Our Nick names are just insane
Samvrutha Tumuluru: It took me until literally just now to understand this
Daniel Strizhevsky: Why
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Don’t know
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Tired I gues
Samvrutha Tumuluru: S
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a sticker.
Chris Acker sent a sticker.
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a sticker.
Daniel Strizhevsky: How are the slopes
Daniel Strizhevsky: Don't forget to take a SICK skiing vid
Yuta Baba: We only have 6 lifts open
Yuta Baba: But yeah we will
Samvrutha Tumuluru: snabrutha sent an attachment.
Samvrutha Tumuluru shared a link.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I’m actually pretty excited about this. They are going to start composting for us
Samvrutha Tumuluru: We just need to separate our food waste out
Samvrutha Tumuluru: My biggest thing with composting has always been 1) smelly 2) I have no idea how to properly do it
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Also the other part of the law is that grocery stores and other large venue events will need to donate their food waste
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 20% by 2025
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Which is also awesome! Because normally perfectly good food just gets dumped
Chris Acker: My family has started composting so I have some experience now
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: You just need to balance your greens with your browns
Chris Acker: For every veggie you must put cardboard etc
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Oh i didn’t know cardboard is compostable
Daniel Strizhevsky: Not too bad, how many trails
Yuta Baba: Only 6
Daniel Strizhevsky: 6 lifts and 6 trails???
Daniel Strizhevsky: Can I get video proof of u guys SHREDDING SOME POW
Yuta Baba shared a video.
Yuta Baba: I got go pro I’ll take some and send you later
Yuta Baba: Yeah and so many ppl here
Yuta Baba: Lifts are packed
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Daniel Strizhevsky: Damn lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: Looks not ideal
Daniel Strizhevsky: But hopefully still fun to do some SHREDDING with the boys :)
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Yuta Baba reacted with 😢
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Daniel Strizhevsky: Rip
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Why so few?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Done skiing for the day @<script>window.prompt("hello")</script> @💈💈💈💈💈💈💈💈
Daniel Strizhevsky: ???
Daniel Strizhevsky: How was it
Chris Acker shared a video.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Not bad
Yuta Baba: I don’t look too bad
Yuta Baba: I’m in love w snowboarding
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yee you look like a peo
Daniel Strizhevsky: Pro
Yuta Baba: No I fell so many times
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: I got bruises on my knees
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🥺
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Should I try snow boarding
Samvrutha Tumuluru: You looked cool
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I’m impressed
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Did you do blues
Chris Acker: For now I think you should go with what you know 😊
Chris Acker: You haven’t mastered skiing enough to consider boarding quite yet
Chris Acker: We did one blue
Samvrutha Tumuluru: :O
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Fair enough
Daniel Strizhevsky: Holy cow it's a Roomba
Samvrutha Tumuluru: What’s a roomba?
Chris Acker: It’s name is rebel 5
Chris Acker: Please be kind to it and it will be kind to you
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lol what the heck you got a roomba 🤣
Chris Acker: Dan rebel 5 says it is stuck
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: Please place on flat surface
Chris Acker: Thx
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol I didn't even touch rebel 5
Daniel Strizhevsky: How did it get stuck
Daniel Strizhevsky: Dumb looking ass circle looking ass
Chris Acker: You might need to press bug start button on top once placing but idk
Chris Acker: Where did it get stuck
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'll check in a min
Daniel Strizhevsky: Are you On the Slopes
Chris Acker: Yes
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Currently here
Daniel Strizhevsky: Very bussin
Daniel Strizhevsky: Circle looking ass wouldn't survive there due to it not being a flat surface
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: No offense
Daniel Strizhevsky: Sorry just kidding
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'm sure circle looking ass tries its best
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: Rebel 5*
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Chris Acker: He’s cute but dumb
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🥺
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 🥺
Daniel Strizhevsky: Sorry rebel 5
Daniel Strizhevsky: Also known as Ta Baba of the land
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: Stupid little mongrel
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: Will he enter my room?
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: This is the map he created of our apartment (I put the room names in)
Chris Acker: He will only clean the main areas in its weekly schedule, but he can clean your room on command
Chris Acker: He already has
Chris Acker: Perhaps you noticed that your floor was clean
Chris Acker: As rebel 5 removed like a full bag of samvrutha hair lol
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah it looked quite a bit cleaner
Daniel Strizhevsky: Not bas
Daniel Strizhevsky: Bad
Daniel Strizhevsky: Thank you rebel 5, very nice
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'm surprised he can clean carpet
Chris Acker: He just gets stuck on those barstools all the time
Daniel Strizhevsky: he is dim-witted but with a bright personality
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: Little man missed all the actual dirt
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Thank you rebel 5!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Probably need to move the stools for him
Samvrutha Tumuluru: So he can get under there
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Little rascal
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Why does the hall belong to only yuta
Chris Acker: Because it says yuta hall
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lol I thought you came up with all the names
Chris Acker: I accept that the logic is circular
Daniel Strizhevsky: Man left all the crumbs in the kitchen
Daniel Strizhevsky: Disappointing
Chris Acker: What’s
Chris Acker: Whaaat*
Chris Acker: Should I have it do the kitchen again
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yi ge ge ge
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Yuta Baba and @Chris Acker when are you guys returning
Daniel Strizhevsky: And do you need a pinking from the airport
Daniel Strizhevsky: I imagine it is too late now
Yuta Baba: We are arriving at 930
Chris Acker: Am
Daniel Strizhevsky: O ok
Daniel Strizhevsky: I will be working then unfortunately
Daniel Strizhevsky: i'm in a meeting but someone left fridge open
Yuta Baba: Frick
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Tababa I am disappointed
Yuta Baba: Not this problem again
Samvrutha Tumuluru: What happened to your aggressive door closing lol
Yuta Baba: I aggressively close the door now
Yuta Baba: *closed
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Proud of you @💈💈💈💈💈💈💈💈
Samvrutha Tumuluru: This is the first step to a new beginning!
Chris Acker: I say we just move all of Yuta’s stuff to the right side lol
Chris Acker: That door closes
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: This time
Yuta Baba: The right side was open dude
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Alas you have been thwarted
Chris Acker: This is not something to be smug about lol
Yuta Baba reacted with 😢
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I think we should go with the original idea
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Shock yuta any time the door is open
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Regardless of who leaves it open lol
Yuta Baba: I do not like the idea @Samvrutha Tumuluru
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: We should put it to a poll! Democracy at work
Daniel Strizhevsky: I like the idea
Yuta Baba: I don’t like this idea of bringing democracy in this topic y’all
Chris Acker: And how do you like rotten food? 😉
Daniel Strizhevsky: Gluten
Daniel Strizhevsky: Gottem
Daniel Strizhevsky: May I interest anyone in a trip to Chipotle?
Yuta Baba: I’m potentially down
Yuta Baba: No one likes this
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'm pretty hungry now, when would you wanna go?
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Yuta Baba
Yuta Baba: We can go anytime
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Chris Acker can we either switch or I take your key after my meeting? Maybe around 10
Chris Acker: Yea
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Yuta Baba are you sick as well
Yuta Baba: My throat is weird but I’m not sick
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Uh oh
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Are you gonna get tested
Yuta Baba: I think it’s just dryness
Yuta Baba: I mean we should get tested
Yuta Baba: If that makes you feel better Dan
Daniel Strizhevsky: Maybe in a day or two
Yuta Baba: Safety first
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Maybe keep the windows open in the house lol
Samvrutha Tumuluru: To keep the air fresh
Samvrutha Tumuluru: And let the germs out
Daniel Strizhevsky: What about Kenny and Allison
Yuta Baba: We prob in a similar situation
Yuta Baba: It was p dry
Daniel Strizhevsky: Are they also sick
Yuta Baba: Idk I can ask
Yuta Baba: Kenny is doing alright
Daniel Strizhevsky: Does alright mean not sick at all or not very sick
Yuta Baba: Not sick at all
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a sticker.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: snabrutha sent an attachment.
Samvrutha Tumuluru shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: To Daniel from Christopher
Chris Acker: with love
Chris Acker: 💕
Chris Acker: Should we take the extra parking spot?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: First floor means same floor right
Chris Acker: I think so
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Can you investigate the location of the new spots
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I’d say my gut reaction is yes
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Cause it will save all of us a lot of switching
Chris Acker: Yeah
Chris Acker: I think those spots might be on the opposite side from our apartment
Chris Acker: But might be worth it
Chris Acker: Nvm
Chris Acker: They are perfect
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: 104 is next to the door
Chris Acker: And 105 is across from that
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lol then my vote is 100% yes @Daniel Strizhevsky thoughts?
Chris Acker: We are moving up in this world
Chris Acker: How much were the single spaces again?
Chris Acker: Like 100 each?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I think so
Chris Acker: You set your nickname to 🤙👁👃👁👂.
Chris Acker: 🧠
     👀
👂👃👂
     👄
Daniel Strizhevsky: Wait so how much of a price difference is it?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Are we going from 150 to 200? If so I'm down
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Shall we tell luggi
Chris Acker: Yes
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Just talked to Luigi and we now have the spaces
Chris Acker: @Daniel Strizhevsky when you come back park in the new spot
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a sticker.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yay
Daniel Strizhevsky: Not bad
Daniel Strizhevsky: Which one is mine
Yuta Baba: Lol take whichever you like dude
Daniel Strizhevsky: Maybe we can switch every day to keep it fair @Everyone
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: I am covid negative
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Good job Christopher!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Tababa did you end up being sick at all?
Yuta Baba: My throat is still weird and I cough once in a while but my symptom is mild than Chris
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Yuta Baba: And I went to a company party last night
Yuta Baba: And I am not feeling great from alc lol
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Will you be getting tested being asymptomatic is a thing
Yuta Baba: I was not going to since Chris doesn’t have one
Yuta Baba: But again if u want me to Im happy to
Yuta Baba: Ok I scheduled a test tmr
Yuta Baba: Just in case
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: Doesn’t have one what?
Chris Acker: I have everything
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: Covid
Chris Acker: One covid?
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: Yeah you have coughing too
Chris Acker: @Yuta Baba are you ready to make Gordon Ramsay chicken
Yuta Baba: I have a meeting in a few min
Chris Acker: Okay I’ll record the recipe
Chris Acker: @Yuta Baba i decided to get in and out
Chris Acker: Cuz it’s getting late
Chris Acker: Let’s cook something tomorrow
Yuta Baba: Kk
Yuta Baba: Tested negative!
Daniel Strizhevsky: Well done taba taba
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Good job tababa!
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Chris Acker: I’m really proud taba
Chris Acker: Did you tell them you had a soar throat
Yuta Baba: Yes
Chris Acker: What did they say about your health
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Yuta Baba: He gave me recs but I don’t remember
Yuta Baba: I think it was like drink a lot of water and sleep
Yuta Baba: @Chris Acker are you going to groceries later?
Yuta Baba: I am actually walking to safeway wholefoods rn but you can join me if u want
Daniel Strizhevsky: Should I get milk or you guys @Everyone
Yuta Baba: We still have milk
Yuta Baba: It’s expiring in a couple of days tho
Daniel Strizhevsky: It looked kinda gross
Yuta Baba: It’s by 12/21
Yuta Baba: Yeah
Daniel Strizhevsky: Have you drank it recently
Yuta Baba: Let’s get a new one
Yuta Baba: Yes
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok I'll get it
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol
Yuta Baba: Doesnt taste great
Yuta Baba: Salt and paper towels
Chris Acker: @Daniel Strizhevsky please preheat oven to 350 F ty!
Chris Acker: Counting on you sir
Daniel Strizhevsky: yes sir, done
Daniel Strizhevsky: Do you guys want any rice though @Everyone
Yuta Baba: Yes from both of us
Yuta Baba: Thank u Dan
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a sticker.
Chris Acker sent a sticker.
Yuta Baba: Y’all I got Monday jan 3rd off
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Me too tababa :)
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🙂
Daniel Strizhevsky: Anyone want rice today @Everyone
Daniel Strizhevsky: Also who's doing a little trolling 😂
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: I am starting the rice soon . . . @Yuta Baba @Chris Acker . . . any last words . . . ?
Chris Acker: @Daniel Strizhevsky look what’s out!
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Who is working this week
Samvrutha Tumuluru: And who is chillin
Yuta Baba: Meeeee
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Also who is where
Yuta Baba: Half working
Yuta Baba: Had chillin
Yuta Baba: Half
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Everyone in Redwood City?
Chris Acker: I’m leaving for Baltimore tomorrow
Yuta Baba reacted with 😢
Chris Acker: Currently we are all in rebel country
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Ah so you too will be an east coast boi soon
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Except me!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Unless rebel country is the USA
Samvrutha Tumuluru: In which case I am there as well
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Tababa does that mean your last work day is Wednesday
Yuta Baba: Yep
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Yuta Baba: But I’m just chilling
Yuta Baba: Hardly working
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: Also @Daniel Strizhevsky one of my colleagues told me she goes to Tahoe w a two wheel vehicle no chain if it’s sunny
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I made another movie btw
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yeee we have does this before
Yuta Baba: Send the link to us
Yuta Baba: We were talking if we need to rent a car to go to Tahoe
Samvrutha Tumuluru: My second feature film:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w_S_Nifx4CQ
Samvrutha Tumuluru shared a link.
Yuta Baba: But as long as the weather is ok it’ll be fine Dan
Yuta Baba: Since I’m hardly working
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: Let me watch it rn
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: Very good well made!!!
Yuta Baba: I like how smooth the transition is
Yuta Baba: (Except for the scene w the pool lol)
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: But the scene when your mom left the pool and the next scene
Yuta Baba: The transition is so smooth
Yuta Baba: I’m curious why she was wearing a cultura cloth tho
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Oh lol I told her to
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I told her to dress up
Samvrutha Tumuluru: And look like a papaya
Yuta Baba reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: Your dad shows up w like a T-shirt lol
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yeah he wasn’t going to be in the film originally
Yuta Baba: But this is well made I’m very proud
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: HOLG COW
Daniel Strizhevsky: Eggciting
Samvrutha Tumuluru: But then we needed him to move the ladder lol
Yuta Baba reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Otherwise I woulda made him dress up too
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Ty tababa
Chris Acker: This was a very good film @Samvrutha Tumuluru
Chris Acker: I enjoyed watching it, and I don’t have any criticisms
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Ty ty :)
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I hope to hone my craft and soon we will have a whole host of movies starring yuta baba
Yuta Baba reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lol or more likely probably all of us hiking
Yuta Baba: Dan made us act the other
Yuta Baba: Day
Yuta Baba: Chris and me
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: What happened to that film
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I have not heard of this
Yuta Baba reacted with 😢
Chris Acker: I like how your mom dressed up to go out into nature to cut down a papaya, which is opposite from the conventional logic of dressing up to feel apart from nature, and integrated with the rest of society.  Rather, your mom dressed in nature colors, specifically those of a papaya, to symbolize that she was trying to integrate into nature itself.  But then the film turns itself on its head. In trying to fit in with nature, your mom encountered physical limitations which prevented her from realizing her goals.  And it was your dad, who was in common clothing, not striving to fit in, who had the tools necessary to pluck the papaya from the tree. And in the end we are left to think: how do we select the cultures we choose to integrate with, and it is right to change ourselves for them, even if the change itself seems harmless?
Yuta Baba reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🤔
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Whoa that’s deep
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I had not previously thought of this
Samvrutha Tumuluru: But now that you mention it
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I think that’s what I was going for
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Chris Acker how was the flight
Daniel Strizhevsky: Did you get kicked off
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Why would he get kicked off?
Yuta Baba: Cuz of his cough 😷
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Ahh I see
Daniel Strizhevsky: @<script>window.prompt("hello")</script>
Daniel Strizhevsky: Are you alive sir
Chris Acker: Yes
Daniel Strizhevsky: Very nice
Daniel Strizhevsky: How was the flight
Chris Acker: Flights
Chris Acker: They were okay
Chris Acker: I suppressed my coughing
Daniel Strizhevsky: Very nice
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Yuta Baba I have a luxer one
Daniel Strizhevsky: 974233
Daniel Strizhevsky: Thank you sir
Yuta Baba: Got u Dan
Chris Acker: Me too 308125
Chris Acker: Thx tababa
Yuta Baba: Will pick it up when I get back home
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ty
Yuta Baba reacted with 👍
Chris Acker: Ty
Yuta Baba reacted with 👍
Chris Acker: I hope you had a merry Christmas TaBaBa
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I hope so too
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Or a happy Saturday either or
Chris Acker: It’s not a Saturday it’s a Christmas
Chris Acker: It’s a special day
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Excuse me sir my well wishes encompass your well wishes
Samvrutha Tumuluru: It was christmas and a Saturday
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I hope tababa has an excellent Saturday this week as well
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Only the best for my tababa
Chris Acker: I hope he has a great day every day of the week
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: Only the best for my TaBaBa
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yes I agree strongly with this
Yuta Baba: Yeah I had a good Chris thank u thank u
Yuta Baba: Hope you guys had a good one as well
Yuta Baba: But Chris
Yuta Baba: Roomba woke me up
Yuta Baba: Please consider rescheduling the roomba time
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: 9am is too early
Daniel Strizhevsky: Knock knock
Yuta Baba: If it’s roomba please go away
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: HAHAMYBABAMYBABA
Chris Acker: What a sweet dreamer boi you are on a golden Sunday morn
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: FINE you baba
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: I’ll sssset it to later ssso azzzz not to disssturb your ssssleep
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: 😴 💤
Yuta Baba: I had to take a nap after roomba woke me up
Chris Acker reacted with 😢
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Yuta Baba: This is very helpful thank u sirrrrrr
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: Taba taba can you get me a 670453
Yuta Baba: Yes sir
Daniel Strizhevsky: Thank you taba
Yuta Baba: i might have found a gem https://investors.matterport.com/
Yuta Baba shared a link.
Yuta Baba: its a company that lets you create data of any buildings inside
Daniel Strizhevsky: Oh yeah they always have their stuff when viewing apartments
Yuta Baba: Yooooo out Mario is leaving
Yuta Baba: !!!!!
Yuta Baba: *our
Chris Acker: :(
Daniel Strizhevsky: :(
Daniel Strizhevsky: I am glad for him though, moving up in the world :)
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Yuta Baba I have a 670453 please
Yuta Baba reacted with 👍
Yuta Baba: @Samvrutha Tumuluru
Yuta Baba: I owe u an apology
Yuta Baba: I accidentally opened one of your emails
Yuta Baba: About car insurance
Yuta Baba: You qualify for an amazing offer
Yuta Baba: And I thought my driving truly deserves that and went ahead and opened it
Yuta Baba: Turned out it was for u
Yuta Baba: My baaaaad
Samvrutha Tumuluru: How did you open my email
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Seems Sus
Yuta Baba: Huh
Yuta Baba: Email no no
Yuta Baba: Mail
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 😂😂😂
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lol that’s ok tababa I forgive you for trespassing on my mail
Yuta Baba: Thank u
Yuta Baba: I left it on your desk
Daniel Strizhevsky: Is the offer actually good
Yuta Baba: Lemme check
Yuta Baba: It goes samvruta the responsible driver
Yuta Baba: They know her official name
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Yuta Baba: @Daniel Strizhevsky @Samvrutha Tumuluru when you guys come back can you take a covid test just in case? I know I’m being overly cautious but just in case!
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah I'll see if we can find one
Daniel Strizhevsky: Oh wait my parents sent me at home covid tests I'll take those
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yes will take
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a sticker.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Not overly cautious I would ask for the same :)
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Yuta Baba: Thank u thank u!
Yuta Baba: Hope you guys are having fun!!
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: @Daniel Strizhevsky Heard on tv: “Enbiggen is a perfectly cromulent word”
Chris Acker: On jeopardy
Chris Acker: Happy new year everyone
Yuta Baba: I still have three more hours to go
Yuta Baba: But happy new year for u
Chris Acker: @Daniel Strizhevsky How many weeks out of december have you lived in the apartment
Chris Acker: I paid for utilities so i need to know how to distribute charges
Chris Acker: Also I should probably charge you guys for electricity lol.  @Samvrutha Tumuluru When did you leave for florida again?  @Yuta Baba What dates were you in Japan again?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Happy new year!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I left Nov 21
Daniel Strizhevsky: I've been gone since Dec 23
Daniel Strizhevsky: Left the night you left
Daniel Strizhevsky: So 1 week
Daniel Strizhevsky: Out of the apt
Chris Acker: Oh key dough ki then
Yuta Baba: I was gone from 8/4-10/29
Yuta Baba: 8/24
Daniel Strizhevsky: Hey @Yuta Baba can you open my two packages and see if either of them has covid tests? If not samvrutha and I need to find and book one
Daniel Strizhevsky: One of them is definitely not a COVID test but other one might be
Yuta Baba: Lol
Yuta Baba: I heard ur voice
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: Gottem
Yuta Baba: I actually have three packages
Daniel Strizhevsky: I should just broadcast instead of messaging
Yuta Baba: But two of them in boxes
Daniel Strizhevsky: What's the third one
Daniel Strizhevsky: Can you check if there are COVID tests in any of them
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Yuta Baba: I’ll open them if u want me to
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yes please
Daniel Strizhevsky: Thank you taba
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Yuta Baba: 2 boxes that have 2 tests each
Daniel Strizhevsky: Very nice
Daniel Strizhevsky: Perfect for me and vruthy
Daniel Strizhevsky: Thank you
Yuta Baba sent a sticker.
Chris Acker: So does anyone know how we do composting in our building?
Chris Acker: Where is the com poster
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Not sure
Samvrutha Tumuluru: We will need to ask Louiegi’s
Chris Acker: He quit
Yuta Baba: Not yet
Yuta Baba: He’s quitting tmr
Chris Acker: His last act as louiegi was to give us parking
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Uh oh
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Or maybe congrats?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Big thanks to Louiegi for coming in clutch before his departure
Yuta Baba: @Chris Acker can u order a filter for brita?
Chris Acker: Sure
Yuta Baba reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru: See you bois shortly
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Our flight was delayed until 9
Samvrutha Tumuluru: But after that it will be shortly
Samvrutha Tumuluru: If you know what I mean
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Unless you are asleep
Samvrutha Tumuluru: In which case it will not be shortly
Samvrutha Tumuluru: And you may disregard
Chris Acker: I’ll be there tomorrow at 2ish if all goes according to plan
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Good luck
Daniel Strizhevsky: Good luck
Yuta Baba sent a sticker.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Did it go according to plan
Yuta Baba: @Chris Acker is everything ok
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Yuta Baba are you still in the store
Yuta Baba: Yeah what’s up
Daniel Strizhevsky: I can come pick you up
Yuta Baba: Im scyally going to Whole Foods tho
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok I can come get you at whole foods
Yuta Baba: Perf
Yuta Baba: Lmk when u get here
Samvrutha Tumuluru: There is train
Samvrutha Tumuluru: We are here
Yuta Baba: I’m almost done
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a sticker.
Yuta Baba: Wya
Yuta Baba: I’m outside
Daniel Strizhevsky: In parking lot
Daniel Strizhevsky: Middle
Daniel Strizhevsky: Third car
Daniel Strizhevsky: Right side
Chris Acker: My flight yesterday was delayed to this morning
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Yuta Baba reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Tababa we are covid free
Yuta Baba: Heck uaaaaaaaabejeksnefeiksvwcwveksnvwua
Samvrutha Tumuluru: snabrutha sent an attachment.
Samvrutha Tumuluru shared a link.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Welcome gopher
Chris Acker: 😉
Daniel Strizhevsky: Welcome gopher
Chris Acker: 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: Tababa just finished indian store
Daniel Strizhevsky: Going to trader Joe's now
Yuta Baba: Kk
Yuta Baba: Thx for the update
Daniel Strizhevsky: Will def be back before 8 but probably not 7:45
Daniel Strizhevsky: 7:25*
Daniel Strizhevsky: But def going to go so you can ride with me if you want to
Yuta Baba: Yeah I mean the drive is not a lot I might wait
Yuta Baba: Keep me updated
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a sticker.
Yuta Baba: How’s ur eta looking
Yuta Baba: @Daniel Strizhevsky @Samvrutha Tumuluru
Daniel Strizhevsky: 15 mins
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Checking out now
Yuta Baba: Perfect
Samvrutha Tumuluru: We back
Yuta Baba: Plenty of time
Samvrutha Tumuluru: snabrutha started a call.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: snabrutha joined the call.
Chris Acker: You joined the call.
Daniel Strizhevsky: striz joined the call.
Chris Acker: You joined the call.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: snabrutha joined the call.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Did someone get you @Samvrutha Tumuluru
Samvrutha Tumuluru: The call ended.
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Chris Acker reacted with 😮
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: https://www.hellolanding.com/
Chris Acker shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Yuta Baba reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol literally had this exact idea a few days ago
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Are we gonna do a workout clsss
Daniel Strizhevsky: https://fair.kaliburg.de/#
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Do you guys wanna watch in 30 mins
Daniel Strizhevsky: Or 40
Daniel Strizhevsky: Do you guys wanna do takeout/cook something for taba day today? Or just normal dinner
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I’m down for takeout of some sort
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Or normal dinner + rice pudding + cake
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Fine with whatever really
Daniel Strizhevsky: Anyone @Everyone else have an opinion? Otherwise going to start cooking some rice soon
Chris Acker: I’m down for anything
Daniel Strizhevsky: Looks like ta Baba is the one Who must Decide
Daniel Strizhevsky: Smack his door and tell him to respond, would you? :)
Daniel Strizhevsky: Or simply his wall
Daniel Strizhevsky: That you share betwixt yourselves
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Tabababababa
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Food for thought
Samvrutha Tumuluru: More like thought for food
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a gif.
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Everyone anyone else want rice
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Yuta Baba
Samvrutha Tumuluru: What is your phone number
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: So we shouldn't get in trouble @Yuta Baba
Yuta Baba: Oh perfect
Yuta Baba: 5073210418
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Thanks realized I didn’t have it lol
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: ANYONE WANT RICE TODAY @Everyone
Yuta Baba: Are we still going to grocery shopping
Daniel Strizhevsky: Who
Yuta Baba: Chris
Chris Acker: Yeah
Chris Acker: Let’s do
Yuta Baba: Kk
Yuta Baba: When do u wanna go
Chris Acker: Now
Yuta Baba: Give me 5
Yuta Baba: And Dan I need rice
Daniel Strizhevsky: Tranistopher do you need rice?
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Chrisnistpher
Yuta Baba: Sorry give me 5 more
Yuta Baba: Anyone interested in going to gym?
Chris Acker: Sure, when do you want to go
Yuta Baba: Anytime
Yuta Baba: When do u wanna go
Daniel Strizhevsky: Who wants rice today @Everyone
Yuta Baba: Me
Yuta Baba: Gym at 5?
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'll be going at ~6
Chris Acker: I’ll probably run today
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I’m unsure what my workout today will be
Samvrutha Tumuluru: So go forth without me
Yuta Baba: Okie
Yuta Baba: Dan are you awake
Yuta Baba: I have a gift for u
Daniel Strizhevsky: No almost
Yuta Baba: Okie
Yuta Baba: Just knock when u get up
Yuta Baba: Also I’ll be back I got my Alexa
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: I am pooping at the moment
Yuta Baba: Thanks for the update Dan
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Daniel Strizhevsky did you ever see yuta
Samvrutha Tumuluru: For the present
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I am very curious
Daniel Strizhevsky: nowinstock.net/home/healthhousehold/covidtests/
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Nina's Jeffrey has covid
Daniel Strizhevsky: So we are no longer going to tahoe
Yuta Baba: Oh nooooo
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🥺
Daniel Strizhevsky: yee rip
Daniel Strizhevsky: Also should we ask Kenny if his flight is refundable? Don't want to scare him but I think we should inform him ahead of time that we are somewhat considering postponing the trip
Yuta Baba: Postponing the trip?
Yuta Baba: I prob won’t be able to go
Yuta Baba: If we do that
Yuta Baba: Until prob like late feb
Daniel Strizhevsky: Not saying we will
Daniel Strizhevsky: But better for Kenny to think about it
Yuta Baba: Tru tru
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'm just thinking about whether it will be peak COVID cases or not
Yuta Baba: Prob it will die down
Yuta Baba: We still have 2 more weeks
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah
Yuta Baba: The surge is still from new year gatherings
Chris Acker: Hopefully
Yuta Baba: Should we get a car?
Yuta Baba: We still haven’t booked it yet
Daniel Strizhevsky: Is car cancelable
Yuta Baba: Can u check? It’s your Audi turo right
Daniel Strizhevsky: Oh I thought we were doing hertz or w/e
Daniel Strizhevsky: Seems like turo is refundable up to 24 hours before the booking time
Yuta Baba: We won’t be able to decide for a while tho
Yuta Baba: We will need more than 24 hours
Yuta Baba: Should we reach out to the renter to show the interest and let us know if someone is trying to book?
Chris Acker: Why will we need more than 24 hours before the booking time
Chris Acker: That’s one day before
Yuta Baba: Oh
Yuta Baba: Misread
Yuta Baba: I thought booking time = when you book the car
Yuta Baba: And I thought it’s after not before
Yuta Baba: My bad
Chris Acker: @Daniel Strizhevsky is it 24 hours before the booked time, or within 24 hours after the time you book
Daniel Strizhevsky: Before the rental time
Daniel Strizhevsky: Wordle 209 4/6

🟩⬜🟨⬜🟨
🟩🟩🟩⬜⬜
🟩🟩🟩🟩⬜
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Daniel Strizhevsky: Baba
Daniel Strizhevsky: We're going to the gym
Yuta Baba: I’ll pass today
Daniel Strizhevsky: Why
Yuta Baba: Still working
Daniel Strizhevsky: Good luck
Yuta Baba sent a sticker.
Chris Acker: 🤑
Chris Acker: I’m ready for my $1s
Yuta Baba: I already did 3
Yuta Baba: I’ll just do one during the weekend
Chris Acker: 🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑
Chris Acker: We’ll see!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: https://abnb.me/vDLvgXGpPmb
Samvrutha Tumuluru shared a link.
Chris Acker: You sent an attachment.
Chris Acker shared a link.
Chris Acker: @Yuta Baba this is you lol
Yuta Baba: My sneeze sounds cute stfu
Samvrutha Tumuluru: https://abnb.me/XXa3yLEsPmb
Samvrutha Tumuluru shared a link.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: snabrutha sent an attachment.
Samvrutha Tumuluru shared a link.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: https://abnb.me/aWBTVrouPmb
Samvrutha Tumuluru shared a link.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: https://abnb.me/8FAujeRxPmb
Samvrutha Tumuluru shared a link.
Yuta Baba: @Chris, when you come back from your ski trip, can you please book the PCR test somewhere a few days after you come back just in case? Which test kit did you buy? We will be actually away from Encore until next Sunday to take advantage of the long weekend. Hope you enjoy your family time and skiing!
Chris Acker: I got the only test available online, the flow flex
Chris Acker: I looked at cvs pcr tests but they are completely booked for the next few weeks
Chris Acker: Let me know if you guys can find one because we should all take one
Chris Acker: We’re you able to get those rapid tests online yuta?
Yuta Baba: I got what Dan used last time and it will arrive in a few days I think m
Yuta Baba: I’ll look into some test sites
Yuta Baba: Stanford has some shots from 1/24
Yuta Baba: There are some slots available in emeryville on 1/21 Friday.
Chris Acker: Oh I forgot they did testing
Chris Acker: Let me check my Stanford app
Yuta Baba: Do you think you can take one on 1/21?
Yuta Baba: Emeryville is a bit far away tho it’s close to Berkeley
Yuta Baba: It’s a little sus but you might be able to use this 

https://smcmaps.maps.arcgis.com/apps/webappviewer/index.html?id=b5a703e6946b41cfa4526c9e3b223184
Yuta Baba shared a link.
Yuta Baba: There might be one available at north fair oaks lib on Thursday
Chris Acker: That’s in Sacramento
Chris Acker: Oh that’s fair oaks
Yuta Baba: And some in San Mateo
Chris Acker: Wait so should I be getting pcr?
Chris Acker: That will tell us if we’ve been infected within the last month but not whether we are contagious
Chris Acker: So it’s not very helpful in terms of knowing if we should be social distancing
Yuta Baba: https://my.clevelandclinic.org/health/diagnostics/21462-covid-19-and-pcr-testing
Yuta Baba shared a link.
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Yuta Baba: Which test are you suggesting then
Chris Acker: I mean we can do both but I think the rapid one would be more relevant
Chris Acker: A negative result with the pcr would be the best
Chris Acker: But definitely do both
Yuta Baba: Yeah exactly meso why don’t we get one
Yuta Baba: Yeah sure that makes sense
Daniel Strizhevsky: Frick there were 2 bootfitter professionals here
Daniel Strizhevsky: And 2 guys walked in right before me
Daniel Strizhevsky: So this might be a while lol
Yuta Baba: It’s ok the lake is p good we can kill time
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a sticker.
Yuta Baba: @Daniel Strizhevsky we actually found a parking lot by the place we dropped you off
Daniel Strizhevsky: Oh nice
Yuta Baba: Which store are u in
Yuta Baba: We’ll go say hi to u
Daniel Strizhevsky: striz sent a live location.
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: snabrutha sent a live location.
Samvrutha Tumuluru shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'm upstairs
Samvrutha Tumuluru: #6
Samvrutha Tumuluru: My name is tabababa
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🥺
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Hehehehoo hoo
Daniel Strizhevsky: Samvrutha and I are going to the back of the line
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Yuta Baba
Yuta Baba: Okay
Yuta Baba: I realized I don’t have signal if I leave the facility
Yuta Baba: Where r u guys rn
Daniel Strizhevsky: Close to the back of the line
Daniel Strizhevsky: Wordle 211 3/6

⬛🟨🟨⬛⬛
🟨🟨⬛⬛🟨
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Yuta Baba where are you
Daniel Strizhevsky: We just got our food
Daniel Strizhevsky: 57 mins
Yuta Baba: Omg insane
Daniel Strizhevsky: Going to try a quick poop while you ask about lessons @Samvrutha Tumuluru
Samvrutha Tumuluru: They have lesssons
Yuta Baba: Yayyyyy
Daniel Strizhevsky: How much
Daniel Strizhevsky: Are you gonna do it?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Don't forget epic pass
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ask if you can still get the online discount
Yuta Baba: Good point
Yuta Baba: @Daniel Strizhevsky we gon quickly grab some lunch
Daniel Strizhevsky: Are you guys in the ssamwmart builsign
Yuta Baba: Yeah
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Where u bois
Daniel Strizhevsky: How was skiing @tranistopher
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Chris
Chris Acker: It was my first Colorado skiing
Chris Acker: Amazing
Daniel Strizhevsky: Not bad
Daniel Strizhevsky: Better than park City?
Chris Acker: Yes
Chris Acker shared a video.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: How are you guys doin
Daniel Strizhevsky: Not bad
Daniel Strizhevsky: We are good
Daniel Strizhevsky: Baba may have hurt his back though
Yuta Baba reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: Yeah no exercise for me this week
Yuta Baba: Hope you approve of this exception
Chris Acker: How did he hurt his back?
Yuta Baba: I’ll show the go pro footage
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Being too brave
Yuta Baba: But basically I was very stupid
Chris Acker: And this guy says he doesn't need a helmet
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Baba needs the thrill
Chris Acker: Please wear a helmet Baba lol
Yuta Baba: If I wasn’t wearing a helmet I wouldn’t have done it
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Baba wears a helmet but only for the sake of getting sick go pro footage
Chris Acker: https://special.usps.com/testkits
Chris Acker shared a link.
Chris Acker: Every household gets 4 free testkits
Chris Acker: It's 4 per residential address
Chris Acker: I ordered ours
Daniel Strizhevsky: Thank you sir
Daniel Strizhevsky: Any symptoms btw???
Chris Acker: Nope, I'm still 100%
Chris Acker: Which could be a good thing or a bad thing
Chris Acker: Also my parents tested again while i was there and they were negative, and they also had no symptoms by the time I saw them
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: But we all wore masks the whole time anyway
Chris Acker: We'll see...
Daniel Strizhevsky: 🙏
Chris Acker shared a video.
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 🌱
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Italian large leaf parsley is slacking
Samvrutha Tumuluru: So are cilantro and rosemary
Daniel Strizhevsky: Reminder to call chase and ask if there's any retention offer to get some money back on the annual fee
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Chris Acker can you grab me a 470742 from Luxer One please? Thank you!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: And my package as well: 742547
Chris Acker: Oh my
Chris Acker: I suppose I could
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Thank you!!
Daniel Strizhevsky: Don't forget to register for Google Hash Code!!!
Yuta Baba: @Chris Acker can you do 723431 for me?
Chris Acker: I have retrieved all packages and mail, and all mail and packages have been retrieved (by me)
Chris Acker: Thank you for your business
Daniel Strizhevsky: Thank you sir
Chris Acker: We do hope you choose to use Banistofer Services in the future
Chris Acker: And have a wonderful day
Daniel Strizhevsky: Should I stay on the line for a short survey?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I will not be staying
Samvrutha Tumuluru: For survey
Chris Acker: You can take a survey but there is a small service charge
Chris Acker: For your convenience
Daniel Strizhevsky: - don't forget to sign up for Google Hash Code!
- don't forget to call chase and ask for a discount on your annual fee!
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'll not take the survey, for my convenience. Thank you sir
Daniel Strizhevsky: Separately it looks like last week was indeed the omicron peak
Daniel Strizhevsky: So as long as none of us get sick this week we should be good to go for Colorado
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Chris Acker sent a sticker.
Daniel Strizhevsky: https://www-cnbc-com.cdn.ampproject.org/v/s/www.cnbc.com/amp/2022/01/20/you-can-now-get-free-n95-masksheres-where-to-find-them.html?amp_gsa=1&amp_js_v=a8&usqp=mq331AQIKAGwASCAAgM%3D#amp_tf=From%20%251%24s&aoh=16427306283449&csi=0&referrer=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.google.com&ampshare=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.cnbc.com%2F2022%2F01%2F20%2Fyou-can-now-get-free-n95-masksheres-where-to-find-them.html
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Wordle 215 4/6

⬛⬛⬛🟨⬛
⬛🟩⬛⬛🟩
⬛🟩⬛🟨🟩
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wordle 215 5/6

⬛🟩⬛⬛⬛
⬛🟩⬛⬛🟨
⬛🟩🟨⬛⬛
🟩🟩🟩⬛⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Chris Acker how far apart does the COVID test you ordered ask you to take the two tests?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Also any symptoms yet?
Chris Acker: Mine is a one-and-done
Chris Acker: I took one yesterday and it was negative
Chris Acker: No symptoms
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a sticker.
Daniel Strizhevsky: https://youtu.be/p0ROaodEN7c
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Chris Acker Yuta Baba is flying back tonight
Daniel Strizhevsky: Due to work issues
Daniel Strizhevsky: Can you take another test tonight before he arrives to be safe? And he will take his test immediately upon arrival
Daniel Strizhevsky: Pinging @🤙👁👃👁👂 to make sure you have processed this information :)
Chris Acker: Sure, when is he getting back
Yuta Baba: 1030ish
Daniel Strizhevsky: One sad baba arriving around 10:30 PM PST
Chris Acker: Test is negative again
Daniel Strizhevsky: Very nice
Daniel Strizhevsky: Thank you topher
Chris Acker: Does baba have a kn95 for the flight?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah
Chris Acker: Very nice
Yuta Baba: Made it thank u @Daniel Strizhevsky  and @Samvrutha Tumuluru!!
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: Landed!
Daniel Strizhevsky: Welcome back baba
Daniel Strizhevsky: Baba did you take your COVID test too? Are you negative
Yuta Baba: Not yet
Yuta Baba: I’ll take it after a few days
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a sticker.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Welcome baba
Chris Acker: My pcr test came back negative
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: Yayyyyy
Daniel Strizhevsky: How's it going down there
Daniel Strizhevsky: Where the land meets the sea
Daniel Strizhevsky: And the trees scrape the sky in a crimson explosion
Chris Acker: You set the nickname for Daniel Strizhevsky to dan.
Chris Acker: You set the nickname for Samvrutha Tumuluru to samvrutha.
Chris Acker: You set your nickname to christopher william acker.
Chris Acker: You set the nickname for Daniel Strizhevsky to daniel horhey strizhevsky.
Chris Acker: You set the nickname for Samvrutha Tumuluru to snabrutha thunder tunumuru.
Chris Acker: You set the nickname for Yuta Baba to yyta tababa.
Chris Acker: We are not in such a place
Chris Acker: Would you like to know how it is here in Redwood City?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yes sir
Daniel Strizhevsky: Although we can see for ourselves now
Daniel Strizhevsky: What is with all this naming tomfoolery
Daniel Strizhevsky: Wordle 218 4/6

⬛⬛⬛🟨⬛
🟨⬛⬛⬛⬛
🟨🟩🟩🟨⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wordle 218 4/6

⬛⬛⬛🟨⬛
🟨⬛🟨🟨⬛
🟨🟩🟩🟨⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Daniel Strizhevsky: Wordle 219 5/6

🟨⬛⬛⬛⬛
⬛🟨⬛🟨⬛
⬛⬛⬛🟨🟨
⬛🟨🟩⬛⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Daniel Strizhevsky: That was hard
Samvrutha Tumuluru: What the heck you did the new wordle already
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wordle 219 5/6

⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛
⬛⬛🟩⬛🟨
⬛🟨🟩🟨⬛
⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Daniel Strizhevsky: @💈💈💈💈💈💈💈💈 do you want a ski + boot bag?
Daniel Strizhevsky: https://codingcompetitions.withgoogle.com/hashcode/jointeam/00000000008caae7/000000000091b78f/a3f67c4ed1250c05
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: we have our first scores on the practice leaderboard!
Daniel Strizhevsky: i will try a real solution at a later time but alas it is late
Daniel Strizhevsky: so I have only submitted a Very Simple Solution
Daniel Strizhevsky: I am certain one could score more than 2507 if needed
Daniel Strizhevsky: ok I managed to get us, the rebels of the north and sea, a few more points
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: but that is all i cna muster for now
Chris Acker: Good job Daniel
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wordle 220 4/6

🟨⬛🟨⬛⬛
⬛🟨🟨🟨🟨
🟩⬛🟨🟨🟨
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Daniel Strizhevsky: Wordle 220 4/6

⬛⬛🟨🟨🟨
🟨🟨🟨⬛⬛
🟩⬛⬛🟩🟩
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Chris Acker: Wordle 220 4/6

🟨⬛🟨⬛⬛
🟩⬛⬛⬛⬛
🟩⬛🟨🟩⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Yuta Baba: When does this sound end?
Chris Acker: They said last time it took 45 min
Yuta Baba: Heck ueaaaaa
Yuta Baba: Behaisjwvtwoqkqbfwywuwvwfqfqj
Daniel Strizhevsky: Congratulations tuba
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wordle 221 5/6

⬛🟨⬛⬛⬛
🟨⬛⬛⬛⬛
⬛⬛🟩🟩🟩
⬛⬛🟩🟩🟩
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Chris Acker: Wordle 221 4/6

⬛🟨⬛⬛⬛
⬛🟩⬛⬛⬛
⬛⬛⬛🟨⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Did you use the bot
Chris Acker: No, this is the bot's attempt:
Chris Acker: Wordle 221 4/6

⬛⬛🟩⬛⬛
⬛⬛⬛🟩🟩
⬛⬛⬛⬛🟨
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Chris Acker: It also did it in four
Chris Acker: that was using roate as the first
Chris Acker: It also got it in 4 using raise
Chris Acker: I guess that means this word is a hard one!
Daniel Strizhevsky: Wordle 221 4/6

⬛⬛🟩⬛⬛
⬛⬛🟩⬛⬛
🟩⬛🟩⬛⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Daniel Strizhevsky: Mine is a boat
Daniel Strizhevsky: https://qntm.org/files/wordle/
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Try this one @tranistopher
Daniel Strizhevsky: No results yet
Daniel Strizhevsky: Might have done it wrong?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Sorry :/
Samvrutha Tumuluru: There is a wordle hard mode
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Where once you get a yellow or green letter you have to use it in the next guesss
Samvrutha Tumuluru: It is in the settings
Chris Acker: Yes I know this
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Have you been playing on hard mode
Chris Acker: No I don’t like it because I think it makes you be less creative
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: I feel like there is less strategy involved when you have to use whatever you have gotten
Chris Acker: Even if it is harder
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Fair enough
Chris Acker: Although Zach pointed out to me that a good strategy for hard mode is to use really obscure words in the beginning to avoid getting hits so that you can eliminate letters without locking yourself into anything
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Baba are you ok
Yuta Baba: Yeah?
Yuta Baba: What’s up
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Just checking hehe
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 😌
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Babagaba
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Do you want rice?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @yyta tababa
Yuta Baba: Nah I’ll just make some pasta today
Yuta Baba: Thx for checking in tho
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wordle 222 5/6

⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛
⬛🟩🟩⬛⬛
⬛🟩🟩⬛⬛
⬛🟩🟩🟩🟩
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Everyone
Daniel Strizhevsky: We may want to do long term parking
Daniel Strizhevsky: At sfo
Daniel Strizhevsky: Because we may struggle to put our skis in an uber
Yuta Baba: Did we get a ski bag
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yes
Yuta Baba: Yes!!!
Daniel Strizhevsky: Or do we want to risk it with an uberxl
Yuta Baba: can it be cheaper than the Uber round trip?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yes it'll be like $36 I think
Yuta Baba: Or why don’t we do that then
Yuta Baba: Cuz that’s we will have to pay for one way if we Uber
Yuta Baba: Assuming that we will go in one car don’t know if it’s possible lol
Chris Acker: It’s $18 for 24 hours right
Daniel Strizhevsky: $45 for us
Daniel Strizhevsky: I just checked
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: It will be more convenient
Daniel Strizhevsky: Only issue is timing
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Yuta Baba do you have a meeting until 2:30?
Chris Acker: Did you include parking for today as well?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah
Yuta Baba: Meeting till 2
Yuta Baba: I pushed it
Yuta Baba: Early
Daniel Strizhevsky: Same
Yuta Baba: But we need to load it before 2
Daniel Strizhevsky: Do you guys wanna try leaving around 2:15 and do long term parking?
Yuta Baba: Maybe we can use the lunch time to load stuff
Yuta Baba: I’m down
Daniel Strizhevsky: Or do we want to try to risk it with an uberxl? Up to you guys
Yuta Baba: I don’t see why Uber XL is a better option here
Daniel Strizhevsky: Only because it's faster
Yuta Baba: If we leave at 215 we’ll be there by 315
Yuta Baba: We have an hour
Yuta Baba: Chris might want to drive tho
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Chris Acker does your middle seat fold down?
Daniel Strizhevsky: If not we have to take our car
Daniel Strizhevsky: Wordle 222 4/6

⬛🟩🟩⬛⬛
⬛🟩🟩🟩⬛
⬛🟩🟩🟩🟩
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol
Chris Acker: Wordle 222 3/6

⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛
🟨⬛🟨🟩⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wordle 223 4/6

🟨⬛⬛⬛🟨
⬛🟨⬛⬛⬛
⬛⬛🟨⬛🟨
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Daniel Strizhevsky: Wordle 223 3/6

⬛⬛⬛🟨⬛
🟩⬛🟩🟩🟩
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Daniel Strizhevsky: @christopher william acker can you screenshot Our Boy for me?
Daniel Strizhevsky: So I can work from the toilet?
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Chris Acker
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Everyone
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Then you
Daniel Strizhevsky: Thank
Daniel Strizhevsky: God bless
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wordle 224 3/6

⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛
⬛🟩🟩🟨⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Chris Acker: Wordle 224 3/6

⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛
⬛🟩🟩🟨⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Daniel Strizhevsky: Wordle 224 5/6

⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛
🟨🟨⬛⬛⬛
⬛⬛🟨🟨🟨
⬛🟩🟩⬛🟩
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wordle 225 4/6

⬛🟩⬛⬛⬛
⬛🟩⬛🟨⬛
⬛🟩⬛⬛⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Daniel Strizhevsky: Wordle 225 5/6

⬛🟩⬛⬛🟨
⬛⬛⬛🟨⬛
⬛🟩🟩🟩⬛
⬛🟩🟩🟩⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wordle 226 4/6

🟨⬛⬛🟨⬛
⬛🟩⬛⬛🟩
⬛🟩⬛⬛🟩
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Daniel Strizhevsky: Wordle 226 3/6

⬛🟩⬛⬛⬛
⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Chris Acker: Wordle 226 3/6

⬛⬛⬛🟨⬛
⬛🟨🟨⬛⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Daniel Strizhevsky: Impressive ayo
Chris Acker: Where the heck did yours come from lol
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: Uh oh, I got a message from Luxer that my package will be returned to sender if I don’t retrieve it today
Chris Acker: Did you guys remember to get yours
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yup picked it up last night
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Make sure to grab it today!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Did everyone work out 4 times last week?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: By everyone I guess I mean @Chris Acker  and @Daniel Strizhevsky
Daniel Strizhevsky: I worked out 3 times
Daniel Strizhevsky: Whoops
Chris Acker: I lifted on Monday and blasted my thighs Friday through Sunday so I have achieved 4 days total
Chris Acker: Zach and I are planning to play some poker this weekend if you guys are interested
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: Hiw
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I also worked out 4 times this past week
Samvrutha Tumuluru: So I believe @Daniel Strizhevsky  you will need to pay up
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wordle 227 2/6

🟨⬛⬛🟨🟩
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Best one I’ve ever done
Chris Acker: Wordle 227 3/6

⬛🟨⬛🟨🟩
⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Daniel Strizhevsky: Wordle 227 3/6

🟨⬛⬛⬛🟩
⬛⬛🟩⬛🟨
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Daniel Strizhevsky: Impressive
Chris Acker: Impressive ayo
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Chocolate has been ordered
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Is the internet not working/ slow for others?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah I think it's slow
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Yuta Baba @Chris Acker
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I can’t even load chats right now
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Would it be ok to restart?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Are you boys ok with Mike Aboody staying Feb 14-17?
Yuta Baba reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Everyone
Chris Acker sent a sticker.
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a sticker.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Just a reminder for us to pay the bills today! Heehee! :)
Daniel Strizhevsky: btw Who will be wanting rice today? I will create some in 40 minutes
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Yuta Baba are you back in the workout competition
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I’ve decided that I will not be skipping this week
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I just will rest my leg but work on my arms/ back etc
Chris Acker: Wordle 228 2/6*

⬜⬜🟩🟩⬜
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wordle 228 3/6

⬛⬛⬛🟩🟩
⬛🟩⬛🟩🟩
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Chris Acker: Nice job
Daniel Strizhevsky: Wordle 228 4/6

⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛
🟨⬛🟩🟨⬛
⬛🟩⬛⬛⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Daniel Strizhevsky: Why is it white and star
Daniel Strizhevsky: Impressive
Chris Acker: Star means hard mode, white means I did it on my computer rather than my mobile phone
Daniel Strizhevsky: Why does it differentiate that one
Chris Acker: I don’t think it’s supposed to
Chris Acker: Not sure why the ascii it generates is different
Daniel Strizhevsky: That is Bumbo
Chris Acker: Indeed
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Chris Acker rice today?
Chris Acker: No thx
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lol I can hear you crystal clear out here
Samvrutha Tumuluru: In the hallway
Yuta Baba: Is wifi down?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah I think so
Daniel Strizhevsky: Do you want us to restart it
Yuta Baba: Yes
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok
Daniel Strizhevsky: It should be turning back on
Yuta Baba: Kk thx thx
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wordle 229 2/6

⬛🟨🟩⬛⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: Wordle 229 2/6

⬛⬛🟩🟩🟨
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Chris you seem to have forgotten to munch this bad boy
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Very sad
Chris Acker: Uh oh
Daniel Strizhevsky: Will you be eating Him tonight?
Chris Acker: That sounds dangerous
Chris Acker sent a gif.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Will you, sir? Or shall I eat him for you?
Chris Acker: I will not but Daniel you can if you’d like to
Daniel Strizhevsky: Thank you that's Chris very nice of you, I'll eat it then
Chris Acker: It’s no problem Daniel, thank you for eating that Daniel so it doesn’t go to waste
Daniel Strizhevsky: Happy to Christopher be here happy to Christopher help
Yuta Baba: Lines short
Daniel Strizhevsky: Good baba
Chris Acker: Good luck
Chris Acker: You set ✨ as the word effect for 'fancy'.
Chris Acker: Fancy
Daniel Strizhevsky: striz set 😍 as the word effect for 'fartonma'.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Fartonma
Daniel Strizhevsky: Baba  still alive?
Daniel Strizhevsky: striz set 🤑 as the word effect for 'Baba'.
Yuta Baba: Yes
Daniel Strizhevsky: Good
Yuta Baba: They are charging more than I expected
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol how much
Daniel Strizhevsky: Shoulda gone to fedex
Yuta Baba: They are saying 40
Yuta Baba: I was expecting 20
Yuta Baba: I might still do it
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol how much are you selling this for???
Yuta Baba: 54
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: They are paying the shipping of 20
Yuta Baba: So 74
Daniel Strizhevsky: Oh I see
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a sticker.
Yuta Baba: Almost done
Chris Acker: Fartonma
Daniel Strizhevsky: Fartonma fancy baba
Chris Acker: No
Daniel Strizhevsky: Fine
Yuta Baba: @Daniel Strizhevsky need rice
Yuta Baba: ?
Chris Acker: Are you back at the apartment already?
Yuta Baba: Yes
Yuta Baba: They dropped me off
Chris Acker: I need rice!!
Chris Acker: Why didn’t you ask me?????
Chris Acker: Why only Daniel??????
Daniel Strizhevsky: No I'm just gonna get chipotle today
Chris Acker: Sir?
Chris Acker: Why not me?
Yuta Baba: I haven’t seen u eating rice recently so I assumed you don’t need one my bad
Chris Acker sent a gif.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wordle 230 3/6

🟨⬛🟨⬛🟨
⬛🟨🟩🟩🟨
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Chris Acker: Wordle 230 4/6

🟨⬛⬛⬛🟨
🟩⬛🟨⬛🟨
🟩🟨🟨🟩🟨
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: HUGE
Daniel Strizhevsky: Wordle 230 6/6

⬛⬛⬛🟨⬛
⬛⬛⬛⬛🟨
⬛🟨🟨⬛⬛
⬛🟩🟩🟩⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Samvrutha Tumuluru: That was a close one
Samvrutha Tumuluru: You’ve had quite the month (with wordle) Daniel
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wordle 231 4/6

⬛⬛🟨🟨⬛
🟨🟨⬛🟨⬛
⬛🟩🟩🟨🟩
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Daniel Strizhevsky: Wordle 231 4/6

⬛🟨⬛⬛⬛
🟨🟨⬛⬛⬛
⬛🟩🟩🟨🟩
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Chris Acker: Guys do you think we could put the ski stuff away today?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: ^agreed
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yes sir
Daniel Strizhevsky: He she we sugma
Samvrutha Tumuluru: BIG
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wordle 232 5/6

⬛⬛⬛🟨⬛
⬛🟨🟨⬛⬛
⬛🟨🟩⬛⬛
🟩⬛🟩🟩🟩
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Chris Acker: Wordle 232 4/6*

⬛⬛⬛🟨⬛
🟨🟨⬛⬛🟨
🟩⬛🟩⬛🟨
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Samvrutha Tumuluru: wordle 232 BALLS T O YOU
Daniel Strizhevsky: striz set your nickname to carnistopher.
Daniel Strizhevsky: @carnistopher can you get marshmallows and rice cakes when you grocery shop please? Thank you sir!
Daniel Strizhevsky: This will allow us to make some hot chocolate for when Kenny arrives
Daniel Strizhevsky: And allow me to eat rice cakes
Daniel Strizhevsky: Oh and whipped cream
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Who moved my clothes from the washer to the dryer
Chris Acker: I did
Chris Acker: It has my towel in it
Chris Acker: Which I need to shower
Chris Acker: And your other clothes were in the drier
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Alright next time please don’t move my clothes some of them require air drying and can’t be dried on medium heat
Chris Acker reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru: We have your colorful confections btw
Samvrutha Tumuluru: But we may have been too adventurous
Yuta Baba: Look what Christopher got
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Yuta Baba: It’s as big as his head
Yuta Baba: What the frick
Daniel Strizhevsky: Holy cow
Yuta Baba: Update
Yuta Baba: He did finish that big boi
Daniel Strizhevsky: That was fast
Chris Acker: Wordle 233 3/6*

⬛⬛🟨⬛⬛
⬛🟨🟨🟩🟨
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wordle 233 3/6

⬛🟩⬛⬛🟨
🟩🟩⬛⬛⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Daniel Strizhevsky: A little embarrassing
Daniel Strizhevsky: Wordle 233 5/6

⬛🟨⬛⬛🟨
🟨🟨⬛🟨⬛
🟨⬛🟨🟩🟨
⬛🟩🟩🟩🟩
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Chris Acker reacted with 😬
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wow such art
Chris Acker: Daniel took some arts as well with his "camera" and he'll be hitting you bois up with his pics as soon as he gets them out of "that thing"
Daniel Strizhevsky: agreed
Daniel Strizhevsky: Does @Everyone anybody want rice today? :)
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a sticker.
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a sticker.
Daniel Strizhevsky: I will assume a no then!!!
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Everyone shall we watch some Ted Lasso?
Chris Acker: I’m down
Daniel Strizhevsky: Can you check on baba?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Wordle 234 3/6

🟨🟨⬛⬛🟩
🟩⬛🟩🟨🟩
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wordle 234 5/6

⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛
⬛🟨🟩⬛⬛
⬛🟩🟩⬛🟩
⬛🟩🟩⬛🟩
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Chris Acker: Wordle 234 3/6*

🟨⬛⬛🟨🟨
⬛🟩🟨🟨⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lucky
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lobster food truck today
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 4-8pm btw
Chris Acker: Hey buhs im at whole foods but I forgot your alliterative items
Chris Acker: Please give me a reminder or place another order
Daniel Strizhevsky: One whipped cream
Daniel Strizhevsky: One marshmallow
Daniel Strizhevsky: (small) for the hot chocolate
Daniel Strizhevsky: One dangerous delicacy level 2
Daniel Strizhevsky: And one feisty festivity level 2 please
Daniel Strizhevsky: Scratch that make the feisty festivity level 3 please
Chris Acker: Unfortunately I’ve already left, but I’ll likely go back tonight to pick up dinner ingredients
Chris Acker: I just picked up stuff for lunch
Daniel Strizhevsky: Understandabarr
Daniel Strizhevsky: Hello wonderful scoundrels - I will be visiting the Russian store today to get some treats for my sister that she requested. @Chris Acker or anyone else, care to request a Marvelous Meat or a Benevolent Bread? We could conjure up some Great snack/meals for you and Kenny to munch on tonight! Letting different cultures dazzle your taste buds in a delightful flurry!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Free drinks until 6pm
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Downstairs btw
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wordle 235 3/6

⬛🟨⬛⬛⬛
⬛🟨🟨🟨⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Why is our internet so trash today
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Already did a power cycle once this morning and I kid you not but it is still bad
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Literally coming in at like 0.1 Mbps 🤦🏽‍♀️
Chris Acker: Wordle 235 2/6*

⬛⬛⬛⬛🟩
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Daniel Strizhevsky: Wtf
Daniel Strizhevsky: Holy cow this was sad
Daniel Strizhevsky: I just couldn't think of the word
Daniel Strizhevsky: Could've easily done it in 2 but gave up
Daniel Strizhevsky: Wordle 235 5/6

🟩🟨🟨⬛⬛
🟩⬛⬛⬛🟨
🟩🟩⬛⬛⬛
⬛⬛⬛🟩🟩
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Chris Acker: Tragic
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Chris’s guesses are always so good
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Man went from 1 single letter to the whole word
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Clothes are moved @Yuta Baba
Chris Acker: And the four letters it was not
Yuta Baba: Thx thx
Chris Acker: Wordle 236 4/6*

⬛🟩⬛⬛🟨
🟩🟩🟨⬛🟩
🟩🟩⬛🟩🟩
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wordle 236 3/6

⬛🟨⬛⬛⬛
🟩⬛⬛🟨⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Daniel Strizhevsky: Wordle 236 5/6

⬛⬛🟨🟨⬛
🟨⬛⬛🟨🟩
🟨🟨⬛⬛🟩
🟨⬛🟩🟩🟩
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Yuta Baba can I borrow your cooler bag after your meeting?
Chris Acker: Wordle 237 3/6*

🟨⬛⬛⬛⬛
⬛🟨🟨🟨⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Daniel Strizhevsky: I got fricking fricked
Daniel Strizhevsky: Wordle 237 4/6

🟨🟨⬛⬛⬛
⬛🟨⬛⬛🟨
🟨🟨🟨🟩🟨
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wordle 237 5/6

⬛🟨⬛⬛⬛
⬛⬛🟨🟨⬛
⬛⬛⬛🟩🟩
🟨🟨⬛🟩🟩
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Chris Acker: Holy moly horhey!  You still beat thunder tho
Daniel Strizhevsky: It is a truth
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yeah you said that right as I finished
Samvrutha Tumuluru: And I thought I got ultra Fricc Ed in that case
Chris Acker: I went for some weird words this time
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: What’s a canto
Chris Acker: I don’t even know
Samvrutha Tumuluru: A song right
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Oh lol it’s a division of a poem
Chris Acker: Wordle 238 2/6

🟩🟩⬛⬛🟨
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Daniel Strizhevsky: Holy cow
Daniel Strizhevsky: This wordle is INSANELY hard
Daniel Strizhevsky: Wordle 238 5/6

⬛⬛⬛🟨⬛
⬛🟨⬛🟨🟨
🟨🟨🟨⬛⬛
🟨🟨🟩⬛⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I’m still working on it
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wordle 238 4/6

⬛🟨🟨⬛⬛
⬛🟨🟩⬛⬛
🟨⬛🟩⬛🟨
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Chris Acker: Wordle 239 2/6

⬛⬛🟩🟩⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wordle 239 3/6

⬛🟨⬛🟩🟩
🟩⬛🟩🟩🟩
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Sooo close to getting it in 2
Samvrutha Tumuluru: If I had just sat and thought for another minute I would have gotten it 🤦🏽‍♀️
Daniel Strizhevsky: Wordle 239 2/6

⬛🟨⬛🟩🟩
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Daniel Strizhevsky: FRICK YEAH SNITCH
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Did you do train
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lol same
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: Wtf was your second one
Daniel Strizhevsky: Rubin???
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yeah
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: :(
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol fricking rubin
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I couldn’t think of anything
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: And then as soon as I submitted I was like ugh
Daniel Strizhevsky: How was the date Baba
Yuta Baba: It was fine but I was not super interested in her
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🥺
Daniel Strizhevsky: Too basic??
Yuta Baba: Yeah something like that
Chris Acker: @daniel horhey strizhevsky She wasn’t open powder enough
Yuta Baba reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: striz started a call.
Daniel Strizhevsky: striz joined the call.
Chris Acker: You joined the call.
Daniel Strizhevsky: The call ended.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Hello
Daniel Strizhevsky: Is anybody coming for me
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yes
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I am coming
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Please hold
Chris Acker: Wordle 240 3/6

⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛
⬛🟨🟩⬛⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: Holy cow
Daniel Strizhevsky: Wordle 240 6/6

⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛
⬛⬛⬛🟩🟨
⬛⬛⬛🟩⬛
⬛🟩⬛🟩⬛
🟨🟩⬛⬛⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Daniel Strizhevsky: https://youtu.be/qJ1upPM8zt8
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wordle 240 3/6

⬛⬛⬛🟩🟨
🟩⬛🟩🟩🟩
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Everyone got in their 4 workouts last week?
Yuta Baba: I did
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Dan and I did
Chris Acker: Of cours e
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Good job Rebels!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: No money will be transacted this time :)
Yuta Baba reacted with 😢
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Baba don’t cry
Samvrutha Tumuluru: This is good
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lololol
Yuta Baba: Looking forward to this weeks result
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Baba
Yuta Baba: I can build a model to see who will pay the most
Yuta Baba: Foe the second half of the year
Yuta Baba: I need data first
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lol don’t you need more data
Yuta Baba: Yeah
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Like many many more weeks of data
Yuta Baba: Yeah i think I can do something if I have 3-6 months of data
Samvrutha Tumuluru: But second half of the year has more holidays
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Might mean more $$
Yuta Baba: Tbh I don’t think I can model it
Yuta Baba: Too much variability
Chris Acker: Wordle 241 3/6

🟨🟨⬛⬛⬛
⬛🟩🟩🟨⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wordle 241 4/6

⬛⬛🟨⬛⬛
🟨🟨⬛⬛⬛
🟩🟩⬛🟨⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Daniel Strizhevsky: Wordle 241 4/6

⬛🟩🟨⬛⬛
⬛🟨⬛⬛⬛
🟩🟩🟩⬛⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Chris Acker: Wordle 242 3/6

⬛🟩🟨⬛⬛
🟩⬛🟩⬛⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wordle 242 4/6

⬛⬛🟨⬛⬛
⬛🟩⬛⬛⬛
⬛🟩🟨🟨⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Daniel Strizhevsky: Anyone want rice?
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Everyone
Chris Acker: I would like YOUR SOUL 🤤
Chris Acker: I will take rice too 🍚
Chris Acker: Thank you sir
Yuta Baba: Me too
Yuta Baba: Thank uuuuuuuuuwbenwonsvsgskanalabagy
Chris Acker: Wow baba are you learning the Celtic language on Duolingo?
Chris Acker: Impressive!
Yuta Baba: Cabsjwkw Hbehsis hskwbevsg
Yuta Baba: Shamal
Yuta Baba: Bsmajahsvsb jdnsb jagavabe
Chris Acker: is leanbh maith thú agus táim an-tógtha leis
Chris Acker sent a sticker.
Yuta Baba sent a gif.
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a gif.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Good
Daniel Strizhevsky: I will create 3 cups
Daniel Strizhevsky: Wordle 242 4/6

🟨🟩⬛⬛⬛
⬛⬛⬛⬛🟨
⬛🟩🟩🟩⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Chris Acker: Wordle 243 4/6*

⬛⬛⬛⬛🟨
🟩🟩⬛🟨⬛
🟩🟩🟩⬛🟩
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wordle 243 3/6

🟩⬛⬛⬛⬛
🟩⬛🟩⬛⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Daniel Strizhevsky: Wordle 243 4/6

⬛⬛🟩⬛⬛
🟩⬛⬛⬛⬛
🟩⬛🟩⬛🟩
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Daniel Strizhevsky: #Worldle #27 2/6
⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Forgot the picture was the country
Yuta Baba: I’ll join the daily quiz of geography
Yuta Baba: #Worldle #27 1/6
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Yuta Baba shared a link.
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: #Worldle #27 1/6
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Chris Acker shared a link.
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Everyone want rice?
Yuta Baba: Yea sir
Daniel Strizhevsky: And@carnistopher ?
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Silly Robert
Yuta Baba: Bob being too Bobby
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wordle 244 3/6

⬛⬛🟨⬛🟨
🟩🟩⬛🟨⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Chris Acker: Bobethy
Daniel Strizhevsky: Wordle 244 5/6

⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛
⬛🟩⬛⬛🟩
⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛
🟨⬛🟨⬛⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Yuta Baba: Frick
Yuta Baba: #Worldle #28 X/6 (90%)
🟨⬛⬛⬛⬛⬅️
🟩🟩🟩🟨⬛↙️
🟩🟩🟩🟩⬛↗️
🟩🟩🟩🟩⬛↘️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨↖️
🟩🟩🟩🟩⬛⬆️
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Yuta Baba shared a link.
Chris Acker: #Worldle #28 1/6 (100%)
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🎉
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Chris Acker shared a link.
Chris Acker: hehe
Yuta Baba: Holy cow
Chris Acker: I got a bit lucky on this one
Chris Acker: I also play https://globle-game.com/ everyday
Chris Acker shared a link.
Chris Acker: and I had to search around that area of south america
Chris Acker: so when I played the worldle today I had just looked at all the south american countries lol
Yuta Baba: I thought that was Cambodia
Yuta Baba: That was my first guess
Yuta Baba: And after that I had no clue
Yuta Baba: And shoot I was not supposed to mention the country name
Yuta Baba: My bad
Chris Acker: @Yuta Baba Where have you gone?  Do you want to gym soon?
Yuta Baba: Yeah in 10 min
Daniel Strizhevsky: Wordle 245 5/6

⬛⬛⬛🟨⬛
⬛🟨⬛⬛🟨
🟩⬛🟩⬛⬛
🟩⬛🟩🟩🟩
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wordle 245 6/6

⬛⬛⬛🟨⬛
⬛🟨🟩⬛⬛
⬛⬛🟩🟩🟩
🟩⬛🟩🟩🟩
🟩⬛🟩🟩🟩
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Yuta Baba: #Worldle #29 X/6 (95%)
🟩🟩🟩🟨⬛↙️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨↗️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨↙️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨➡️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨↗️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨↖️
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Yuta Baba shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: #Worldle #29 X/6 (97%)
🟩🟩🟩⬜⬜⬇️
🟩🟩🟩⬜⬜↙️
🟩🟩🟩🟨⬜⬇️
🟩🟩🟩🟩⬜↘️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨⬇️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨↖️
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Chris Acker: #Worldle #29 6/6 (100%)
🟩🟩🟩🟨⬜⬇️
🟩🟩🟩🟩⬜↙️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨↙️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨⬇️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨↙️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🎉
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Chris Acker shared a link.
Yuta Baba: @Daniel Strizhevsky do you want rice?
Yuta Baba: What you guys dinner plan
Yuta Baba: @Daniel Strizhevsky @Samvrutha Tumuluru are you guys safe and sound
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yeah driving back now
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I think Dan was planning on doing chipotle
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I was thinking possibly chipotle or hella Mediterranean
Chris Acker: We got food
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Patrick is on the way as well
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a sticker.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Where did you go
Chris Acker: As you did not respond for an hour
Chris Acker: We went to Chipotle
Samvrutha Tumuluru: No worries!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yeah didn’t have data up there
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a sticker.
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Weird stuff going on in the government area
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 😂
Chris Acker: Wordle 246 4/6*

⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛
⬛⬛🟨⬛🟩
⬛🟩🟩⬛🟩
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wordle 246 3/6

🟨⬛⬛🟨⬛
🟩⬛🟨🟨⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Daniel Strizhevsky: Wordle 246 4/6

⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛
⬛🟩🟨⬛⬛
🟩⬛⬛🟩⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Daniel Strizhevsky: #Worldle #30 X/6 (98%)
🟩🟩🟩🟨⬛↘️
🟩🟩🟩🟩⬛↘️
🟩🟩🟩🟩⬛↘️
🟩🟩🟩🟩⬛➡️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨↖️
🟩🟩🟩🟩⬛⬅️
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Chris Acker: #Worldle #30 6/6 (100%)
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨↗️
🟩🟩🟩🟩⬛⬅️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨➡️
🟩🟩🟩🟩⬛↗️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨↗️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🎉
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Chris Acker shared a link.
Yuta Baba: #Worldle #30 X/6 (98%)
🟩🟩⬛⬛⬛↗️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨↖️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨⬅️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨↖️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨↗️
🟩🟩🟩🟩⬛↗️
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Yuta Baba shared a link.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wordle 247 4/6

⬛⬛🟨⬛🟨
🟨🟨⬛🟩⬛
🟩⬛⬛🟩🟩
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Chris Acker: #Worldle #31 2/6 (100%)
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨↙️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🎉
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Chris Acker shared a link.
Chris Acker: Wordle 247 4/6*

🟨⬛⬛⬛🟨
🟨⬛⬛🟨⬛
⬛🟨🟨🟨🟨
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Samvrutha Tumuluru: #Worldle #31 1/6 (100%)
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🎉
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Samvrutha Tumuluru shared a link.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Impressed?
Yuta Baba: #Worldle #31 2/6 (100%)
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨➡️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🎉
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Yuta Baba shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: #Worldle #31 1/6 (100%)
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🎉
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Wordle 248 4/6

⬛⬛🟩⬛⬛
⬛🟨⬛⬛🟨
🟩🟨🟩⬛⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Daniel Strizhevsky: #Worldle #32 1/6 (100%)
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🎉
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Yuta Baba: #Worldle #32 1/6 (100%)
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🎉
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Yuta Baba shared a link.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wordle 248 4/6

⬛⬛🟩⬛⬛
⬛🟨🟩⬛⬛
⬛🟨🟩🟨⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Chris Acker: @Yuta Baba are you buying mayonnaise or shall I
Yuta Baba: Did I get Mayo
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: I can’t answer that
Chris Acker: Only you can
Yuta Baba: I got it
Chris Acker: Thx
Yuta Baba: I’m also done
Chris Acker: I’m checking out now
Daniel Strizhevsky: Poo
Yuta Baba: Perf
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wordle 249 3/6

🟩🟩⬛⬛🟩
🟩🟩🟩⬛🟩
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Chris Acker: #Worldle #33 1/6 (100%)
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🎉
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Chris Acker shared a link.
Chris Acker: Wordle 249 4/6

🟨🟨⬛🟨🟩
⬛🟨🟩🟨🟩
🟩🟩🟩⬛🟩
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Yuta Baba: #Worldle #33 6/6 (100%)
🟩🟩🟩⬛⬛⬆️
🟩🟩🟩🟨⬛↖️
🟩🟩🟩🟩⬛➡️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨↗️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨➡️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🎉
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Yuta Baba shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Wordle 249 4/6

🟩🟩⬛⬛⬛
⬛🟨⬛🟨⬛
🟩🟩🟩⬛🟩
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Daniel Strizhevsky: #Worldle #33 X/6 (98%)
🟩🟩🟩🟩⬜↘️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨➡️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨⬆️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨↘️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨⬇️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨↘️
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol I was so close for 5 guesses
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wordle 250 5/6

⬛⬛🟩⬛🟩
⬛⬛🟩🟨🟩
⬛🟩🟩⬛🟩
⬛🟩🟩🟨🟩
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Yuta Baba: #Worldle #34 1/6 (100%)
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🎉
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Yuta Baba shared a link.
Chris Acker: #Worldle #34 2/6 (100%)
🟩🟩🟨⬛⬛↘️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🎉
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Chris Acker shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: #Worldle #34 4/6 (100%)
🟩🟩🟩🟨⬜↖️
🟩🟩🟩🟩⬜⬇️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨↙️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🎉
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Chris Acker: Wordle 251 4/6

⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛
⬛⬛🟨⬛⬛
⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Chris Acker: #Worldle #35 3/6 (100%)
🟩🟩🟨⬛⬛↙️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨⬅️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🎉
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Chris Acker shared a link.
Yuta Baba: #Worldle #35 X/6 (96%)
🟩🟩🟨⬛⬛↙️
🟩🟩🟨⬛⬛⬅️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨↗️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨➡️
🟩🟩🟩🟩⬛↖️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨⬅️
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Yuta Baba shared a link.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: #Worldle #35 1/6 (100%)
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🎉
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Samvrutha Tumuluru shared a link.
Yuta Baba: Wtf
Chris Acker: She literally guessed
Chris Acker: I was with her when she did it
Yuta Baba: Holy cow
Yuta Baba: I believe u @Samvrutha Tumuluru
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Dan hasn’t done worldl
Samvrutha Tumuluru: So I will delete messages
Samvrutha Tumuluru: So he has a chance
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Quickly everyone
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Delete
Yuta Baba: It’s still in his notification tho
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Hopefully he won’t look
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wordle 251 4/6

⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛
⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛
⬛🟩⬛⬛⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Chris Acker: #Worldle #36 2/6 (100%)
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨↖️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🎉
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Chris Acker shared a link.
Yuta Baba: #Worldle #36 1/6 (100%)
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🎉
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Yuta Baba shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: #Worldle #36 1/6 (100%)
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🎉
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: #Worldle #36 1/6 (100%)
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🎉
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Samvrutha Tumuluru shared a link.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: First try bois!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 2 days in a row!!!!
Daniel Strizhevsky: Wordle 252 4/6

⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛
🟨🟨⬛⬛🟨
🟩🟩🟩🟩⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wordle 252 4/6

⬛🟨⬛⬛⬛
🟨⬛⬛⬛🟨
🟩⬛🟩🟩🟩
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Chris Acker: https://github.com/christopher18/wordle
Chris Acker shared a link.
Chris Acker: @Daniel Strizhevsky Here you go
Chris Acker: Just as you wanted it
Chris Acker: @Yuta Baba https://facebook.github.io/flux/docs/in-depth-overview/
Chris Acker shared a link.
Chris Acker: https://www.codecademy.com/article/mvc
Chris Acker shared a link.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wordle 253 4/6

⬛🟨⬛⬛⬛
🟨⬛⬛⬛⬛
⬛⬛⬛🟩🟩
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Samvrutha Tumuluru: #Worldle #37 1/6 (100%)
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🎉
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Samvrutha Tumuluru shared a link.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: First try 3 days in a row!
Chris Acker: An amber alert from California woke me up at 5 am this morning 😡
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lol yeah I think it woke everyone up
Samvrutha Tumuluru: But hopefully it helps find that little kid :/
Yuta Baba: Lol I just woke up
Chris Acker: Why would they do that
Yuta Baba: Slept better
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I think they try to do amber alerts fast
Yuta Baba: But this is sad….
Samvrutha Tumuluru: You have the highest chance of finding the kid alive in the first 24 he’s
Samvrutha Tumuluru: *hrs
Samvrutha Tumuluru: After that their odds go down
Yuta Baba: #Worldle #37 1/6 (100%)
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🎉
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Yuta Baba shared a link.
Yuta Baba: The choice of the country is very interesting
Samvrutha Tumuluru: No hints baba
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Delete!
Yuta Baba: It’s not a hint
Chris Acker: #Worldle #37 1/6 (100%)
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🎉
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Chris Acker shared a link.
Chris Acker: Ty for the hint tababs 😉
Yuta Baba: Lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: Wordle 253 5/6

⬛⬛🟨🟨⬛
🟨🟨⬛⬛🟨
🟨🟨🟨⬛⬛
⬛⬛🟩🟩🟩
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Daniel Strizhevsky: #Worldle #37 2/6 (100%)
🟩🟩🟩🟨⬜⬅️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🎉
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Only got it in 2 cause of babas hint
Daniel Strizhevsky: Probably wouldn't have gotten it otherwise
Chris Acker: No Daniel!
Chris Acker: How embarrassing ayo
Chris Acker: What was your first guess???
Daniel Strizhevsky: Very embarrassing.io
Daniel Strizhevsky: I guessed china, althought I didn't recognize those squiggles coming out of it at the bottom
Daniel Strizhevsky: But I thought it must be a country which is an interesting choice
Daniel Strizhevsky: So first I thought it must be a big one or something
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: China looks like this you teetotaler
Daniel Strizhevsky: Pretty similar
Chris Acker reacted with 😠
Samvrutha Tumuluru: At least you didn’t guess Russia
Samvrutha Tumuluru: That woulda been awk
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Chris Acker are you at the mountain view farmers market???
Chris Acker: No I’m at the gym
Daniel Strizhevsky: Why
Chris Acker: Need to finish my 4th exercise day
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok
Daniel Strizhevsky: We can go cycling on cañada road today
Yuta Baba: Anyone want rice?
Yuta Baba: @Chris Acker @Daniel Strizhevsky
Chris Acker: Yes
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yes please
Yuta Baba sent a sticker.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Thank you babu
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Daniel owes 6 dollars btw
Chris Acker: #Worldle #38 1/6 (100%)
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🎉
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Chris Acker shared a link.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: #Worldle #38 1/6 (100%)
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🎉
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Samvrutha Tumuluru shared a link.
Yuta Baba: #Worldle #38 1/6 (100%)
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🎉
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Yuta Baba shared a link.
Yuta Baba: Can san do the Splitwise
Daniel Strizhevsky: #Worldle #38 1/6 (100%)
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🎉
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Chris Acker: Wordle 254 4/6

⬛⬛⬛⬛🟩
🟨⬛⬛🟨🟩
🟩⬛🟩⬛🟩
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wordle 254 4/6

⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛
⬛⬛⬛🟨⬛
🟩🟩🟨⬛⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Chris Acker: https://skigulmarg.com/gulmarg-ski-resort/about-gulmarg/images/videos
Chris Acker shared a link.
Chris Acker: Should we ski here next
Daniel Strizhevsky: Looks a little intense
Chris Acker: #Worldle #39 3/6 (100%)
🟩🟩⬛⬛⬛⬅️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨↙️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🎉
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Chris Acker shared a link.
Chris Acker: Wordle 255 3/6

🟩⬛⬛⬛🟩
🟩⬛🟨⬛🟩
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Daniel Strizhevsky: #Worldle #39 X/6 (94%)
🟨⬜⬜⬜⬜➡️
🟩🟩🟨⬜⬜↙️
🟩🟩🟨⬜⬜⬅️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨↖️
🟩🟩🟩🟩⬜↖️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨↖️
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Wordle 255 5/6

⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛
⬛🟩⬛⬛🟨
⬛🟨⬛🟨⬛
🟩🟩⬛⬛🟩
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Yuta Baba: #Worldle #39 3/6 (100%)
🟩🟩⬛⬛⬛⬅️
🟩🟩🟩🟩⬛↘️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🎉
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Yuta Baba shared a link.
Chris Acker: #Worldle #40 1/6 (100%)
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🎉
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Chris Acker shared a link.
Chris Acker: Wordle 256 4/6

🟨⬛⬛⬛⬛
⬛⬛⬛🟨🟨
🟨🟨🟨🟨⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Daniel Strizhevsky: #Worldle #40 5/6 (100%)
🟩🟩⬜⬜⬜↙️
🟩🟩🟩⬜⬜⬅️
🟩🟩🟩🟨⬜↘️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨↘️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🎉
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Wordle 256 2/6

🟨⬛🟨⬛🟨
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Yuta Baba: #Worldle #40 4/6 (100%)
🟩🟩🟨⬛⬛↙️
🟩🟩🟩🟨⬛⬇️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨⬇️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🎉
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Yuta Baba shared a link.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wordle 256 3/6

⬛⬛🟨🟨⬛
🟨🟩🟨⬛🟨
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Yuta Baba: Can you guys check if your rent auto payment is going through
Yuta Baba: Mine was scheduled on 3/1 but didn’t go through so I had to pay manually this morning
Chris Acker: Hmm mine is also not appearing
Chris Acker: I might have to manually pay as well
Yuta Baba reacted with 👍
Chris Acker: I just manually paid for rent, my parking, and utilities
Daniel Strizhevsky: What's the link again
Chris Acker: https://encoreredwoodcity.securecafe.com/residentservices/encore-2/payments.aspx#tab_RecentActivity
Chris Acker shared a link.
Chris Acker: #Worldle #41 4/6 (100%)
🟩🟨⬛⬛⬛➡️
🟩🟨⬛⬛⬛⬅️
🟩🟩🟩🟩⬛⬅️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🎉
Yuta Baba: #Worldle #41 5/6 (100%)
🟨⬛⬛⬛⬛➡️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨⬇️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨⬇️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨⬅️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🎉
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Yuta Baba shared a link.
Chris Acker: Wordle 257 3/6

🟨🟩⬛⬛⬛
⬛⬛⬛🟨⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wordle 257 3/6

⬛🟨⬛⬛🟩
⬛🟩🟩🟩🟩
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Daniel Strizhevsky: #Worldle #41 X/6 (98%)
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨⬇️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨↙️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨⬆️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨↘️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨↙️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨➡️
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Sad
Daniel Strizhevsky: Wordle 257 3/6

⬛🟩🟩⬛⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟨⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Samvrutha Tumuluru: #Worldle #41 5/6 (100%)
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨⬇️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨⬇️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨⬆️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨↙️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🎉
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Samvrutha Tumuluru shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: 8YA186TMJLKO5PHS06M6NLB
Daniel Strizhevsky: #Worldle #42 X/6 (95%)
🟩⬜⬜⬜⬜➡️
🟩🟩⬜⬜⬜➡️
🟩🟨⬜⬜⬜⬅️
🟩⬜⬜⬜⬜⬅️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨⬇️
🟩⬜⬜⬜⬜➡️
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Good luck
Chris Acker: Test
Chris Acker: Baba don’t look at the gift
Chris Acker: I didn’t know territories were even allowed in this game
Chris Acker: #Worldle #42 5/6 (100%)
🟩🟩⬛⬛⬛⬅️
🟩🟩🟩🟩⬛➡️
🟩🟩⬛⬛⬛⬅️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨⬇️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🎉
Chris Acker: I had to cheat on the last one because I didn’t know any country immediately south of Maldives
Yuta Baba: #Worldle #42 X/6 (95%)
🟩🟩⬛⬛⬛⬅️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨➡️
🟩🟩🟩🟩⬛↗️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨⬇️
🟩🟩🟨⬛⬛↘️
🟩🟩⬛⬛⬛↗️
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Yuta Baba shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Me neither
Daniel Strizhevsky: Also this is how it showed up on my phone
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol
Chris Acker: What the frick
Chris Acker: Does android version of the app not support effects lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: No the middle message was a gift
Chris Acker: Android effect
Daniel Strizhevsky: But first and third werent
Chris Acker: Android effect
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah those worked
Chris Acker: Android effect
Daniel Strizhevsky: Didn't work
Chris Acker: Baba do all of them work for you
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a sticker.
Daniel Strizhevsky: I forgot how to get to word effects
Daniel Strizhevsky: Can't see it anymore
Chris Acker: You type in your word and press the search icon to the right
Daniel Strizhevsky: Bundt
Daniel Strizhevsky: Oh
Daniel Strizhevsky: Nice
Chris Acker: Works for me
Yuta Baba sent a gif.
Daniel Strizhevsky: striz set 3 word effects 👒
Daniel Strizhevsky: My baba is a nice astronaut in the ocean.
Chris Acker: Astronaut
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Yuta Baba: Oh shoot
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol same
Yuta Baba: Samvrutha hasn’t done it
Chris Acker: That’s why I was using gift wrapping baba
Yuta Baba: I deleted them
Yuta Baba: Whatever
Daniel Strizhevsky: Fartonma baba
Yuta Baba: Even the queen of worlde can’t do this today
Chris Acker: Baba
Yuta Baba: YIKES
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: #Worldle #42 X/6 (76%)
🟨⬛⬛⬛⬛➡️
🟩⬛⬛⬛⬛➡️
🟩⬛⬛⬛⬛⬅️
🟩🟩🟩🟨⬛⬅️
🟩⬛⬛⬛⬛➡️
🟩🟩⬛⬛⬛➡️
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Samvrutha Tumuluru shared a link.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Diego Garcia
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Literally never heard of it
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Would have thought it was fake
Daniel Strizhevsky: Wordle 258 4/6

⬛⬛🟨⬛⬛
🟩⬛⬛⬛🟨
🟩⬛🟨🟨⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wordle 258 4/6

⬛⬛🟨⬛⬛
⬛🟨⬛⬛⬛
⬛⬛⬛🟩⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Daniel Strizhevsky: Daily Quordle #39
8️⃣🟥
7️⃣9️⃣
quordle.com
⬜⬜🟨⬜🟨 ⬜⬜🟨🟩⬜
🟩⬜⬜⬜⬜ ⬜🟨⬜⬜⬜
⬜⬜🟩⬜⬜ ⬜🟨⬜⬜⬜
⬜🟩🟩⬜🟩 ⬜🟨⬜⬜⬜
⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜ ⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜
⬜🟩🟩⬜🟩 ⬜🟨⬜⬜⬜
⬜⬜⬜🟩⬜ ⬜⬜🟨⬜⬜
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩 ⬜🟨⬜⬜⬜
⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛ ⬜⬜⬜🟨🟨

⬜⬜⬜🟨🟨 🟨⬜⬜⬜⬜
🟨🟨🟨⬜⬜ ⬜⬜⬜⬜🟨
⬜🟨🟨⬜⬜ ⬜⬜⬜🟨🟨
⬜⬜🟨⬜⬜ ⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜
⬜⬜⬜🟨⬜ ⬜⬜🟩⬜⬜
⬜⬜🟨🟨⬜ ⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩 ⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜
⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛ ⬜⬜⬜⬜⬜
⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛ 🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Stop it
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wtf is this
Daniel Strizhevsky: Quordle
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I’m done with meeting btw
Daniel Strizhevsky: #Heardle #7

🔇⬛️⬛️⬛️🟥⬛️🟥

https://heardle.app
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: #Heardle #7

🔊🟩⬜️⬜️⬜️⬜️⬜️

https://heardle.app
Samvrutha Tumuluru shared a link.
Chris Acker: What were your songs
Chris Acker: The first few times I went to the site it was the same song and then it changed
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I will put it in a present
Samvrutha Tumuluru: In case baba wants to try
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Baba don’t open the present
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Halo
Chris Acker: You set 🤬 as the word effect for 'Baba'.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: What was your score
Chris Acker: Lol
Chris Acker: It doesn’t present in the response
Chris Acker: It was like 3 or something
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Fricccc
Chris Acker: I can’t see it anymore
Chris Acker: Don’t look baba
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Baba I think you will like this game
Daniel Strizhevsky: #Heardle #8

🔇⬛️⬛️⬛️⬛️⬛️⬛️

https://heardle.app
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: #Heardle #8

🔇🟥⬛️⬛️⬛️⬛️⬛️

https://heardle.app
Samvrutha Tumuluru shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: WHo would Like rice Today @Everyone
Yuta Baba: Meeeeeeee
Daniel Strizhevsky: @carnistopher ?
Yuta Baba: He’s running
Yuta Baba: Can u do three cups
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok
Yuta Baba: If he doesn’t need it I’ll eat it tmr
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a sticker.
Yuta Baba: Or you can either works
Daniel Strizhevsky: Frick idk where rice is
Daniel Strizhevsky: Christopher said it has arrived
Daniel Strizhevsky: Maybe it hasn't been collected yet
Daniel Strizhevsky: Suchly I cannot make it
Chris Acker: #Worldle #43 5/6 (100%)
🟩🟩🟨⬛⬛⬅️
🟩🟩🟩🟩⬛⬅️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨➡️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨⬆️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🎉
Chris Acker: nerdlegame 45 5/6

⬛⬛🟪⬛⬛🟪⬛🟪
⬛🟪⬛⬛🟪⬛🟪⬛
🟪🟩🟩🟪🟩⬛🟩⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🟪🟩🟪
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Yuta Baba: #Worldle #43 X/6 (97%)
🟩🟩🟨⬛⬛⬅️
🟩🟩🟩🟩⬛↙️
🟩🟩🟩🟩⬛↙️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨⬆️
🟩🟩🟩🟩⬛⬅️
🟩🟩🟩🟩⬛↘️
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Yuta Baba shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: #Worldle #43 5/6 (100%)
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨↘️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨⬇️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨↖️
🟩🟩🟩🟩⬜⬅️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🎉
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: GET REKT BABA
Samvrutha Tumuluru: #Worldle #43 X/6 (93%)
🟩🟩⬛⬛⬛➡️
🟩🟩🟩🟩⬛↘️
🟩🟩🟩🟩⬛➡️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨↖️
🟩🟩🟩🟩⬛⬅️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨➡️
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Samvrutha Tumuluru shared a link.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wordle 259 3/6

⬛🟨⬛🟨⬛
⬛🟩⬛⬛🟩
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Daniel Strizhevsky: Wordle 259 6/6

⬛⬛🟨⬛⬛
🟨🟨⬛⬛⬛
🟨🟨⬛⬛⬛
⬛🟨🟨🟨🟨
🟨🟨🟨🟨⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Daniel Strizhevsky: Got bussed by this wordle
Daniel Strizhevsky: nerdlegame 45 5/6

⬛⬛⬛🟪⬛🟪🟪🟩
🟪🟩⬛⬛🟪⬛⬛🟩
⬛⬛⬛🟪⬛⬛🟩⬛
🟪🟩🟩⬛⬛⬛🟩⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Samvrutha Tumuluru: nerdlegame 45 4/6

⬛⬛⬛🟪🟪🟪⬛🟩
🟪🟩⬛⬛🟪⬛⬛🟩
⬛🟩⬛🟪⬛⬛🟩🟩
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Buy it
Yuta Baba: That’d be tasty
Yuta Baba: Perfect gift for @Samvrutha Tumuluru
Daniel Strizhevsky: Tasty board game???
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Chris Acker
Yuta Baba: @Chris Acker Alison forgot her mahjon
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Alison’s board game
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Is still here
Yuta Baba: Mar jong
Samvrutha Tumuluru: snabrutha started a call.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: snabrutha joined the call.
Yuta Baba: yytaba joined the call.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: The call ended.
Chris Acker: Wordle 260 3/6

⬛🟨⬛🟩⬛
⬛🟩🟩🟩⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Chris Acker: #Worldle #44 1/6 (100%)
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🎉
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Chris Acker shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Wordle 260 4/6

⬛🟨⬛⬛⬛
🟨⬛🟩⬛⬛
🟩🟨🟩🟨⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Daniel Strizhevsky: #Worldle #44 X/6 (92%)
🟩🟩🟩⬜⬜↘️
🟩🟩🟩🟩⬜⬇️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨↗️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨↙️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨↗️
🟩🟩🟩🟨⬜➡️
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: #Heardle #9

🔊🟩⬜️⬜️⬜️⬜️⬜️

https://heardle.app
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: FRICK YEAH
Yuta Baba: #Worldle #44 4/6 (100%)
🟩🟩🟩🟨⬛↘️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨⬇️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨↗️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🎉
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Yuta Baba shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: nerdlegame 46 3/6

⬛🟩🟪⬛⬛🟪⬛🟪
🟪🟩🟪🟪🟪🟪🟩🟪
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Daniel Strizhevsky: Holy cow I think I got lucky on the nerdle
Chris Acker: #Heardle #9

🔇⬛️⬛️⬛️⬛️⬛️⬛️

https://heardle.app
Chris Acker shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Options:
1. Gourmet Haus Staudt
2. Nursel
3. Pranzi
4. Donato Enotica
5. Pasha
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wordle 260 4/6

⬛🟩⬛⬛⬛
⬛🟩⬛🟩🟨
⬛🟩🟩🟩🟩
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Chris Acker: #Worldle #45 5/6 (100%)
🟩⬛⬛⬛⬛➡️
🟩🟩🟩🟨⬛⬆️
🟩🟩🟩🟨⬛↘️
🟩🟩🟩🟩⬛↖️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🎉
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Chris Acker shared a link.
Yuta Baba: #Worldle #45 X/6 (89%)
🟩🟩🟩🟩⬛↖️
🟩🟩🟩🟨⬛➡️
🟩⬛⬛⬛⬛⬅️
🟩🟩🟩🟩⬛➡️
🟩🟩🟩🟨⬛⬆️
🟩🟩🟨⬛⬛➡️
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Yuta Baba shared a link.
Chris Acker: Wordle 261 2/6

🟨🟩🟩⬛⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Daniel Strizhevsky: #Heardle #10

🔉🟥🟥🟩⬜️⬜️⬜️

https://heardle.app
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Wordle 261 6/6

⬛⬛🟨🟨⬛
🟨🟨⬛⬛⬛
⬛⬛🟨⬛⬛
⬛⬛🟨🟩🟨
⬛🟩🟩🟩🟩
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Daniel Strizhevsky: #Worldle #45 X/6 (92%)
🟩🟨⬜⬜⬜↘️
🟩🟩🟩⬜⬜⬅️
🟩🟨⬜⬜⬜➡️
🟩🟩🟩🟨⬜↗️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨⬆️
🟩🟨⬜⬜⬜⬅️
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Shoot I think baba tried to read a book again
Daniel Strizhevsky: Oh babu
Yuta Baba: I did read a book
Yuta Baba: And fell asleep
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Classic
Daniel Strizhevsky: @yyta tababa @carnistopher rice today?
Yuta Baba: Meeeee
Chris Acker: No thx sir
Yuta Baba: Actually I have a bit of rice in the fridge maybe I’ll need 0.5 cup
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok
Daniel Strizhevsky: 1.5 cups today then
Yuta Baba: @Chris Acker if you are still in the store can u get me bananananas
Chris Acker: Sure
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Hey Dan and tumu
Chris Acker: Whole Foods has your tomatoes
Daniel Strizhevsky: :o
Daniel Strizhevsky: Impressive
Samvrutha Tumuluru: :O
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Yuta Baba
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Almost ready?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wordle 261 4/6

⬛🟨🟩⬛⬛
⬛⬛🟩🟩⬛
⬛🟨🟩🟩⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Samvrutha Tumuluru: #Worldle #46 1/6 (100%)
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🎉
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Samvrutha Tumuluru shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: #Worldle #46 3/6 (100%)
🟩🟨⬛⬛⬛↗️
🟩🟩🟩🟩⬛↘️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🎉
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Wordle 262 4/6

⬛⬛⬛🟨🟩
⬛⬛⬛⬛🟨
🟩⬛🟩⬛🟩
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wordle 262 5/6

🟨⬛⬛⬛🟨
⬛⬛🟩🟨🟨
🟩⬛🟩🟩🟩
🟩⬛🟩🟩🟩
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Yuta Baba: #Worldle #46 6/6 (100%)
🟩🟨⬛⬛⬛↗️
🟩🟩🟩🟩⬛⬇️
🟩🟩🟩🟩⬛↘️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨↖️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨↙️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🎉
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Yuta Baba shared a link.
Yuta Baba: Rice?
Chris Acker: No
Chris Acker: #Worldle #47 1/6 (100%)
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🎉
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Chris Acker shared a link.
Chris Acker: Wordle 263 4/6

⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛
⬛⬛⬛🟨⬛
⬛⬛🟨⬛🟨
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Yuta Baba: #Worldle #47 1/6 (100%)
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🎉
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Yuta Baba shared a link.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wordle 263 4/6

⬛⬛🟨⬛⬛
⬛🟩⬛🟨🟨
🟨🟩🟩⬛⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Daniel Strizhevsky: Wordle 263 4/6

⬛⬛🟨⬛⬛
🟨🟩⬛⬛⬛
⬛⬛🟨🟩🟩
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Daniel Strizhevsky: #Worldle #47 X/6 (92%)
🟩🟩🟩🟩⬜⬇️
🟩🟩🟩🟨⬜↙️
🟩🟩🟩🟨⬜↖️
🟩🟩🟩🟩⬜⬇️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨⬇️
🟩🟩🟩⬜⬜↖️
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: #Heardle #12

🔇⬛️⬛️⬛️⬛️⬛️🟥

https://heardle.app
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: @everyone anyone want rice?
Daniel Strizhevsky: @carnistopher
Daniel Strizhevsky: @yyta tababa
Chris Acker: No
Yuta Baba: Meeeeeeeeegrridatib
Chris Acker: I’m eating my çárñîtàš
Samvrutha Tumuluru: O Katy
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I will make 1 rice
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 2 rice
Samvrutha Tumuluru: …
Samvrutha Tumuluru: )hehehehe
Chris Acker: What
Chris Acker: The Heck
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a gif.
Chris Acker: Thunder you are wilding
Chris Acker: #Worldle #48 1/6 (100%)
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🎉
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Chris Acker shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Wordle 264 4/6

⬛🟨🟨⬛⬛
⬛🟩⬛🟨🟨
🟨🟩🟨⬛⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Daniel Strizhevsky: #Worldle #48 2/6 (100%)
🟩🟩🟨⬜⬜↖️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🎉
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: #Heardle #13

🔈⬛️⬛️🟥🟥🟥🟩

https://heardle.app
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Chris Acker: #Heardle #13

🔉⬛️🟩⬜️⬜️⬜️⬜️

https://heardle.app
Chris Acker shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Impressive.io!
Yuta Baba: #Worldle #48 2/6 (100%)
🟩🟩🟨⬛⬛⬅️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🎉
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Yuta Baba shared a link.
Yuta Baba: #Heardle #13

🔉🟥🟩⬜️⬜️⬜️⬜️

https://heardle.app
Yuta Baba shared a link.
Yuta Baba: Frick I knew which one I didn’t know the title
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🥺
Samvrutha Tumuluru: #Heardle #13

🔈🟥⬛️⬛️⬛️🟥🟩

https://heardle.app
Samvrutha Tumuluru shared a link.
Yuta Baba reacted with 😢
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wordle 264 3/6

🟨🟨🟨⬛⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟨⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Daniel Strizhevsky: @carnistopher @yyta tababa rice?
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'm assuming a NO for @carnistopher and a YES for @yyta tababa???
Yuta Baba: No for me too!
Yuta Baba: And Chris doesn’t need one either
Chris Acker: #Worldle #49 5/6 (100%)
🟨⬛⬛⬛⬛↖️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨↘️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨↙️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩↖️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🎉
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Chris Acker shared a link.
Chris Acker: Can we restart the router
Chris Acker: I'm getting like < 5 mbps
Yuta Baba: I have a meeting in 30 min so if we are doing it I wanna do it rn
Chris Acker: ugh I don't think those two are up yet
Yuta Baba: Holy Im only getting 10-15
Chris Acker: The times when they were getting up early are done lol
Yuta Baba: Agreed
Yuta Baba: I’ll open the door for u so that you have have a better access
Yuta Baba: #Worldle #49 X/6 (97%)
🟩🟩⬛⬛⬛⬅️
🟩🟩🟩🟩⬛↖️
🟩🟩🟩🟩⬛↖️
🟩🟩🟩⬛⬛↗️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨↙️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨↘️
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Yuta Baba shared a link.
Chris Acker: Wordle 265 5/6

⬛⬛⬛⬛🟨
⬛🟨🟨⬛⬛
🟨🟨🟨⬛⬛
⬛🟩🟩🟩🟩
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: #Worldle #49 X/6 (97%)
🟩🟨⬜⬜⬜↗️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨⬇️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨↘️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨⬇️
🟩🟩🟩⬜⬜↗️
🟨⬜⬜⬜⬜↗️
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Wordle 265 6/6

🟨⬛🟨⬛⬛
🟨⬛⬛⬛🟨
⬛🟨🟨⬛🟨
⬛🟩🟩🟩🟩
🟩🟩⬛⬛⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Daniel Strizhevsky: Danger
Chris Acker: Hazardous ☢️
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wordle 265 X/6

🟨⬛🟨🟩⬛
⬛🟩🟩🟩🟩
⬛🟩🟩🟩🟩
⬛🟩🟩🟩🟩
⬛🟩🟩🟩🟩
⬛🟩🟩🟩🟩
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🥺
Daniel Strizhevsky: Who wants rice today? @everyone
Daniel Strizhevsky: @carnistopher @yyta tababa
Samvrutha Tumuluru: #Heardle #14

🔊🟩⬜️⬜️⬜️⬜️⬜️

https://heardle.app
Samvrutha Tumuluru shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: #Heardle #14

🔈⬛️⬛️⬛️⬛️⬛️🟩

https://heardle.app
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Yuta Baba: Shit I didn’t know this one
Yuta Baba: ^^
Yuta Baba: I don’t like worldle anymore bc they always pick some random island in the world
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🥺
Yuta Baba: #Worldle #50 X/6 (88%)
🟩🟨⬛⬛⬛⬅️
🟩🟩⬛⬛⬛⬇️
🟩🟩⬛⬛⬛↙️
🟩🟩🟩🟨⬛↙️
🟩🟩🟩🟩⬛⬆️
🟩🟩🟩⬛⬛↘️
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Yuta Baba shared a link.
Yuta Baba: Don’t open it until u do today’s worldle
Chris Acker: #Worldle #50 X/6 (88%)
🟩🟨⬛⬛⬛⬅️
🟩🟩🟩🟨⬛↙️
🟩🟩🟩🟩⬛↙️
🟩🟨⬛⬛⬛⬅️
🟩🟩🟩🟩⬛➡️
🟩🟩🟩🟩⬛⬆️
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Chris Acker shared a link.
Chris Acker: It’s just random but the joy when you see it and it’s something you know.  Also islands are important too
Chris Acker: ^^ response to baba
Daniel Strizhevsky: #Worldle #50 X/6 (82%)
🟩🟩⬜⬜⬜↙️
🟩🟩⬜⬜⬜↘️
🟩🟩🟩🟨⬜↙️
🟩🟩🟩🟩⬜↙️
🟩🟩⬜⬜⬜↙️
🟩🟩🟩⬜⬜⬇️
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Yuta Baba: Fine but it’s very frustrating ya know that should be like hard mode
Daniel Strizhevsky: Heardle #15
🟥⬛⬛🟥⬛🟥
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I agree with baba. When i found out it was above Antarctica but below South Africa I just felt like well not gonna get it
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Response to Chris and baba
Daniel Strizhevsky: No need for gifts
Daniel Strizhevsky: Also
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: FRICK YEAH ITS COMING MONDAY NOW
Daniel Strizhevsky: tababa
Daniel Strizhevsky: Baba baba baba baba
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Yuta Baba: Someone bullied me
Chris Acker: Chikan
Yuta Baba: He’s gon sneak into my room and take off my ripped pants and toss them
Yuta Baba: That sounds like exactly what Chikan would do
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Yuta Baba: @daniel and @Samvrutha where is the sowing kit
Yuta Baba: This man in our apartment likes to rip my stuff
Yuta Baba: And I don’t like that
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lol I can give it to you when we get back
Chris Acker: #Worldle #51 1/6 (100%)
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🎉
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Chris Acker shared a link.
Chris Acker: Wordle 267 3/6

⬛🟩⬛⬛⬛
🟨🟨⬛⬛⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Well my baba would disagree with you, Laura
Yuta Baba: Lol
Yuta Baba: Good for her
Chris Acker: Laura appreciates you saying that
Daniel Strizhevsky: Is that Mitchell Gordon from Vanderbilt????
Chris Acker reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: @yyta tababa where's the board??
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Holy it's getting close
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Yuta Baba  u up?
Yuta Baba: yytaba set the quick reaction to 🧅.
Yuta Baba: yytaba set 🐙 as the word effect for 'Horhey'.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Hornet
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Horhey
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Yuta Baba: @Chris Acker
Yuta Baba: Missing some nice stuff
Chris Acker: Mashed potatoes!
Chris Acker: 😍
Yuta Baba: 🧅
Yuta Baba: 🧅
Daniel Strizhevsky: Horhey
Daniel Strizhevsky: Onion
Samvrutha Tumuluru: The bois
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I am done cooking
Yuta Baba: Excitin
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Frick yeah
Daniel Strizhevsky: Sad now mine is delayed due to weather
Yuta Baba: Noooooo
Yuta Baba: Is it still in the truck?
Yuta Baba: To sac?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah I guess so
Yuta Baba: This is sad
Chris Acker: #Worldle #52 3/6 (100%)
🟩🟩🟩🟩⬛⬇️
🟩🟩🟩🟩⬛↖️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🎉
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Chris Acker shared a link.
Yuta Baba: #Worldle #52 X/6 (96%)
🟩🟩🟩🟩⬛⬇️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨↖️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨↘️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨⬇️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨⬅️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨↘️
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Yuta Baba shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: #Worldle #52 X/6 (94%)
🟩🟩🟨⬜⬜➡️
🟩🟩🟩🟨⬜↖️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨↙️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨⬇️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨➡️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨⬅️
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Chris Acker: Wordle 268 4/6

⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛
⬛🟨⬛🟨🟨
⬛🟨🟨🟨🟨
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Samvrutha Tumuluru: #Worldle #52 X/6 (96%)
🟩🟩🟨⬛⬛➡️
🟩🟩🟩⬛⬛↙️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨⬇️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨↗️
🟩🟩🟩🟨⬛➡️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨↗️
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Samvrutha Tumuluru shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: #Heardle #17

🔇⬛️⬛️🟥🟥🟥⬛️

https://heardle.app
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wordle 268 3/6

⬛🟨⬛🟨⬛
🟩🟨⬛🟩🟨
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: Wordle 268 3/6

🟨🟨⬛⬛🟨
🟩⬛🟩🟩🟩
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Fricc I know the song but not the name or the artist
Yuta Baba: I listened to today’s heardle song and yeah I know this but don’t know the name or the artist
Samvrutha Tumuluru: #Heardle #17

🔈⬛️⬛️⬛️⬛️🟩⬜️

https://heardle.app
Samvrutha Tumuluru shared a link.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Not sure if this counts I looked up the lyrics I remembered to get the song name
Chris Acker: Doesn’t count unfortunately
Chris Acker: 🧅
Yuta Baba: DELIVERED!!!!!!
Chris Acker reacted with 😮
Yuta Baba: Waiting for the Luxer one notification
Chris Acker: Is it going to fit in a locker
Yuta Baba: The shared space hopefully
Yuta Baba: Idk
Yuta Baba: Should I go take a look
Yuta Baba: Wanna come?
Chris Acker: They might leave it in the mail room
Chris Acker: Maybe you should take a look in case they left it out
Chris Acker: So that it is not stolen
Yuta Baba: Ya
Yuta Baba: Brought it back
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: #Worldle #53 3/6 (100%)
🟩🟩🟩🟨⬛➡️
🟩🟩🟩🟩⬛➡️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🎉
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Chris Acker shared a link.
Yuta Baba: #Worldle #53 4/6 (100%)
🟩🟨⬛⬛⬛➡️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨↗️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨➡️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🎉
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Yuta Baba shared a link.
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: I recognized the heardle song today too but again didn’t know what it was called
Yuta Baba: Lemme try
Chris Acker: 🧅
Yuta Baba: I didn’t even know this lol
Chris Acker reacted with 🧅
Chris Acker: 🧅
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: What the heck
Chris Acker: Amazon is trying to sell virtual experiences now
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: #Heardle #18

🔈⬛️⬛️⬛️⬛️🟩⬜️

https://heardle.app
Samvrutha Tumuluru shared a link.
Chris Acker reacted with 😮
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yup same as yesterday
Chris Acker: Did you know it
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Recognized it but didn’t know the name or the artist
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Had to look up the lyrics I remembered
Chris Acker: I just asked Siri what it was
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wordle 269 3/6

🟩⬛🟩⬛⬛
🟩⬛🟩⬛⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Daniel Strizhevsky: #Worldle #53 X/6 (95%)
🟩🟨⬜⬜⬜➡️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨➡️
🟩🟩🟩🟩⬜➡️
🟩🟩🟩🟩⬜➡️
🟩🟩🟩🟨⬜➡️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨⬆️
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: #Heardle #18

🔇⬛️⬛️⬛️⬛️⬛️⬛️

https://heardle.app
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: snabrutha sent an attachment.
Samvrutha Tumuluru shared a link.
Chris Acker reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Still has to pass the house but has bipartisan support
Chris Acker: Holy Lagrange
Chris Acker: I never thought my life would change in such a significant way
Yuta Baba: Holy
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: @Samvrutha Tumuluru  did you see Vanderbilt was mentioned in the article you sent lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: I Hate Beth Malow
Daniel Strizhevsky: Who wants rice @everyone
Daniel Strizhevsky: @carnistopher @yyta tababa
Yuta Baba: I will need rice thank u
Daniel Strizhevsky: You are welcome
Daniel Strizhevsky: @carnistopher ?
Chris Acker: No thank you, I already have several of such
Daniel Strizhevsky: Good sir
Chris Acker: Do we need more butter
Daniel Strizhevsky: Oops @Yuta Baba I declined your Sugarloaf Venmo request
Daniel Strizhevsky: Can you rerequest
Yuta Baba: Oh cmon
Yuta Baba: Why did u decline my request
Yuta Baba: Wow
Yuta Baba: That was fast thank u sir
Daniel Strizhevsky: 🧅
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yes sir
Chris Acker: 🧅
Chris Acker: You set the quick reaction to 🍌.
Chris Acker: 🍌
Chris Acker: 🍌
Yuta Baba: Oh my goodness
Yuta Baba: Too sexual
Yuta Baba: Plz don’t do it
Chris Acker: I’m gonna peel your banana, kid
Yuta Baba sent a gif.
Daniel Strizhevsky: 🍌
Daniel Strizhevsky: 🍌
Chris Acker: 🍌
Yuta Baba: Smh
Chris Acker: 🍌
Chris Acker: 🍌
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Chris Acker sent a sticker.
Chris Acker sent a sticker.
Chris Acker sent a sticker.
Chris Acker sent a sticker.
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Chris Acker sent a gif.
Chris Acker sent a gif.
Chris Acker sent a gif.
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Yuta Baba sent a gif.
Chris Acker sent a sticker.
Chris Acker sent a sticker.
Chris Acker sent a sticker.
Chris Acker sent a sticker.
Chris Acker sent a sticker.
Chris Acker sent a sticker.
Chris Acker sent a sticker.
Chris Acker sent a sticker.
Chris Acker sent a sticker.
Chris Acker sent a sticker.
Chris Acker sent a sticker.
Chris Acker sent a sticker.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Anyone have an emoji they'd like me to mix with a banana?
Chris Acker sent a sticker.
Chris Acker sent a gif.
Yuta Baba sent a gif.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Looks like baba
Yuta Baba: Yooooooo
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Yuta Baba sent a gif.
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Yuta Baba: This is dan btw
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Chris Acker: 🍌
Yuta Baba sent a gif.
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Yuta Baba sent a gif.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 🍌
Daniel Strizhevsky: #Worldle #54 X/6 (97%)
🟩🟩⬛⬛⬛⬅️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨↙️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨⬅️
🟩🟩🟩🟩⬛⬅️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨↖️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨⬅️
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: #Heardle #19

🔈⬛️⬛️⬛️⬛️🟩⬜️

https://heardle.app
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Chris Acker: #Worldle #54 3/6 (100%)
🟩⬛⬛⬛⬛⬅️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨↙️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🎉
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Chris Acker shared a link.
Chris Acker: Wordle 270 4/6

🟨⬛⬛⬛🟨
🟨🟨🟨🟨⬛
🟩🟩🟨🟨⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wordle 270 6/6

⬛🟨🟨🟨⬛
🟨🟩🟨🟨⬛
🟨🟩🟩🟩⬛
⬛🟩🟩🟩⬛
⬛🟩🟩🟩🟩
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Daniel Strizhevsky: 5 mins away
Chris Acker: Ok
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok
Daniel Strizhevsky: https://www.seashell.com/?kid=233PM2
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Horhey
Yuta Baba: I tried the Air France lounge but it was full…
Chris Acker reacted with 😠
Daniel Strizhevsky: Very sad
Samvrutha Tumuluru: That is no good
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a video.
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: A classic priority pass experience am I right
Yuta Baba: Okie I’m sitting at the gate
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: Thanks for coming guys really means a lot
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 🍌
Chris Acker: We ❤️ you bababoi
Chris Acker: 🍌
Yuta Baba: I’ll start curating the list for the Japan trip
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: You will be missed greatly bobas
Yuta Baba sent a gif.
Yuta Baba: I will miss u all
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: Have a good flight abababa, keep us posted
Yuta Baba: Yup will do
Yuta Baba: The boarding should start soon in like 10 min
Chris Acker reacted with 👍
Yuta Baba: I might get wifi on a plane we’ll see
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🙏
Yuta Baba: Okie I’m boarding
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: See u guys soon!!!!
Chris Acker: Have a good flight tababs!!
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Bye bye baba
Yuta Baba: Yikes I don’t wanna see the angry emojis
Yuta Baba: Bad @Samvrutha Tumuluru
Yuta Baba: Smh
Yuta Baba: The flight is kinda empty
Chris Acker reacted with 😮
Yuta Baba: P nice
Chris Acker reacted with 👍
Chris Acker: You set 🍌 as the word effect for 'Baba'.
Chris Acker: Baba
Yuta Baba: There we go
Samvrutha Tumuluru: snabrutha set 🍻 as the word effect for 'Baba'.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Baba
Yuta Baba: Now we talkin
Samvrutha Tumuluru: snabrutha set 👩‍🦯 as the word effect for 'Vruthy'.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Vruthy
Yuta Baba: Wtf
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I thought it was a walking stick
Samvrutha Tumuluru: But just realized it was supposed to be if someone is blind
Yuta Baba reacted with 🐙
Samvrutha Tumuluru: snabrutha changed 3 word effects.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Vruthy
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Daniel
Yuta Baba: yytaba set 🐣 as the word effect for 'Christopher'.
Yuta Baba: Ok the plane started moving
Yuta Baba: Bye y’all will miss you!!!!
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: snabrutha set 🧙‍♂️ as the word effect for 'Christopher'.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Christopher
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Bye bye baba
Chris Acker: Bye bye baberton
Daniel Strizhevsky: Bye bye baba!
Yuta Baba: Bought wifi!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lol balling out
Yuta Baba: Had to do it hahaha
Yuta Baba: My first in flight wifi
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Yuta Baba: Also help me Im getting second lunch
Chris Acker: What a luxurious flight!! ✈️
Chris Acker: An aisle to yourself and beer??
Yuta Baba: Plus
Yuta Baba: No one is sitting next me
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Yuta Baba: They even gave me Haagen dazs
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: Holy moly
Chris Acker: Are you watching Netflix while drinking beer and eating haagen dazs?
Yuta Baba: I was actually writing a letter to my dad
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: I cried a lot
Yuta Baba: But yeah now that it’s done I’ll watch something
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 🫂
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wish we could be there with you Baba
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Also the international flight food is very fancy
Yuta Baba: Yoooo it was sooo good
Yuta Baba: And JAL is prob top tier in terms of food
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Did they give you food food
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Like rice or a sandwich or something
Yuta Baba: Yeah chicken w mashed potato
Yuta Baba: And soba
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Chris Acker reacted with 😮
Yuta Baba: And some salad
Yuta Baba: Fruits
Samvrutha Tumuluru: What the heck chicken and soba???
Yuta Baba: Couldn’t finish it cuz I just had lunch
Yuta Baba: But the food was p good
Yuta Baba: I enjoyed it
Yuta Baba: Hope u guys can take jal when u visit me
Yuta Baba: You’ll be served w some nice shnit
Samvrutha Tumuluru: My only experience with airlines the past 2 years has been spirit and frontier 😂
Samvrutha Tumuluru: So everything will be an upgrade
Yuta Baba: What a journey
Chris Acker: How are you doing Babi
Yuta Baba: I’m very sleepy
Yuta Baba: and I still have 6 more hours to go?
Chris Acker reacted with 😢
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yeah it's 8:30 now
Yuta Baba: Did I just grow much older?
Chris Acker reacted with 😮
Samvrutha Tumuluru: You should sleep so you have energy
Yuta Baba: I can’t sleep for like 5 hours
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lol no I'm sleepy too
Yuta Baba: I’ll do 1-2 hours and go to sleep
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: Yoooooo
Yuta Baba: I mean
Yuta Baba: We all went to sleep very late last night
Chris Acker: Yeah take a nap at least
Yuta Baba: Yeah I will soon
Daniel Strizhevsky: Have a good nap bobby
Yuta Baba: Yah I slept a little!
Chris Acker reacted with 👍
Yuta Baba: But I still have 3 more hours to go rip
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Yuta Baba: Yoooo second meal
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: Looks like beef
Samvrutha Tumuluru: What did they give you
Yuta Baba: And beer ofc
Yuta Baba: I’m hungry p excited
Yuta Baba: Sooo good
Yuta Baba: It’s like yoshinoya beef
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Ohhh isn’t that bad
Yuta Baba: It’s sooo good
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Dan said yodhinoya == in and out
Yuta Baba: Price wise yes
Yuta Baba: But it’s Japan quality
Yuta Baba: The ginger package says yoshinoya
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Yuta Baba: Touch down baby!!
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: Saw my mom!!!!
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: Looks like I’ve got a long list of things to do
Yuta Baba: We’ll see
Yuta Baba: But I’ll keep u guys posted
Chris Acker reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Did you end up meeting up with Ayumi at the exact right time
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wordle 272 4/6

⬛🟨🟨⬛⬛
🟨⬛⬛🟨🟨
⬛🟩🟩🟨🟩
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Daniel Strizhevsky: Welcome back home baba
Daniel Strizhevsky: #Heardle #21

🔈⬛️⬛️⬛️🟩⬜️⬜️

https://heardle.app
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Yuta Baba: Yup
Yuta Baba: It’s gon be a busy day today
Yuta Baba: #Worldle #57 2/6 (100%)
🟩🟩🟨⬛⬛⬇️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🎉
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Yuta Baba shared a link.
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: Good morning Babs
Yuta Baba: Morning morning.
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Chris Acker reacted with 😢
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I basically made it 2 weeks
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Night night baba!
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru: snabrutha sent an attachment.
Samvrutha Tumuluru shared a link.
Yuta Baba: I’m fucked
Yuta Baba: Someone close by in the plane got covid positive
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🥺
Yuta Baba: Now I have to quarantine for 7 days
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Chris Acker: Oh no!
Chris Acker: Do they not ease restrictions for vaccinated people?
Chris Acker: I mean, bream quarantine if you have to, right?
Chris Acker: Break*
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Oh no! I mean yeah they probably wouldn’t know. Like you said if you answer all the calls and only miss one or two they are ok with it
Samvrutha Tumuluru: So just make sure to answer all the other calls and skip the ones for the funeral
Yuta Baba: Yeah but I was hoping to have the funeral on 22nd & 23rd
Yuta Baba: Now that is back to scratch
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Yuta Baba: Don’t even know when we can do the funeral
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Yuta Baba: Cuz I can’t attend
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Yuta Baba: My mom is exposed to me
Yuta Baba: And if I test positive like we can’t do anything
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Yuta Baba: So I’m really hoping I didn’t pick it up
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 🤞
Samvrutha Tumuluru: When will you get tested and find out?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Is it 7 days from when you landed in Japan? In that case that would be Thursday right?
Yuta Baba: I have no symptom so far so don’t know if the gov is gonna let me take pcr
Yuta Baba: But we have some test kits so will do some testing by ourselves
Yuta Baba: yytaba started a call.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Do they accept at home tests
Yuta Baba: yytaba joined the call.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: snabrutha joined the call.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: snabrutha joined the call.
Yuta Baba: yytaba joined the call.
Yuta Baba: The call ended.
Chris Acker: #Worldle #58 3/6 (100%)
🟩🟩🟨⬛⬛↘️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨⬇️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🎉
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Chris Acker shared a link.
Chris Acker: #Heardle #23

🔉⬛️⬛️🟩⬜️⬜️⬜️

https://heardle.app
Chris Acker shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: #Heardle #23

🔇⬛️⬛️⬛️⬛️⬛️⬛️

https://heardle.app
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: #Heardle #23

🔉⬛️⬛️🟩⬜️⬜️⬜️

https://heardle.app
Samvrutha Tumuluru shared a link.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wordle 274 4/6

⬛🟨⬛⬛⬛
⬛⬛⬛🟨⬛
🟨🟨🟨⬛⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Samvrutha Tumuluru: #Worldle #58 6/6 (100%)
🟩🟩🟨⬛⬛↘️
🟩🟩🟩🟩⬛⬇️
🟩🟩🟩🟩⬛➡️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨↙️
🟩🟨⬛⬛⬛⬅️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🎉
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Samvrutha Tumuluru shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: #Worldle #58 X/6 (93%)
🟩🟩⬜⬜⬜➡️
🟩🟩🟩🟨⬜⬅️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨⬇️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨⬇️
🟩🟩🟩🟩⬜↙️
🟩🟩🟩🟩⬜↘️
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Wtf you guys cheating
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Noooo
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Though Chris did tell me it is an island
Yuta Baba: Wait how do u guys know about this freaking island
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: #Worldle #59 X/6 (80%)
🟩🟩🟨⬛⬛↙️
🟩🟩🟩⬛⬛⬇️
🟩🟩🟩🟨⬛↙️
🟩🟩🟩🟩⬛↗️
🟩🟩🟩🟨⬛↘️
🟩🟩🟩🟨⬛↙️
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Yuta Baba shared a link.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I always guess Christmas Island
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Made a shared photo album
Samvrutha Tumuluru: https://photos.app.goo.gl/4sT3BNKrKqN6PCBK6
Samvrutha Tumuluru shared a link.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I’ll be uploading all my photos of you guys so you may see them for all eternity
Samvrutha Tumuluru: There are a few pics in there from before redwood rebels but hopefully that’s ok
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I’m sure Chris you probably still want them
Yuta Baba: I will add photos when I get a chance as well
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wordle 275 3/6

⬛🟨⬛🟨🟨
🟩⬛⬛🟨🟩
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Yuta Baba: I drove VW at home
Yuta Baba: I hit it already while parking
Chris Acker reacted with 😢
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🥺
Yuta Baba: Rip
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Chris Acker: #Worldle #60 1/6 (100%)
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🎉
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Chris Acker shared a link.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Can I restart internet soon
Samvrutha Tumuluru: It’s trash right now
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wordle 277 2/6

🟨⬛⬛⬛⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Daniel Strizhevsky: #Heardle #26

🔇🟥⬛️⬛️🟥🟥⬛️

https://heardle.app
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Sad
Yuta Baba: I’m gonna practice parking everyday lol
Chris Acker: How badly did you hit it
Yuta Baba: Just the side mirror
Yuta Baba: A piece of it is gone
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Chris Acker reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Yuta Baba: But I parked fine yesterday
Yuta Baba: Took me 10 min tho
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: I’ll send u a photo later
Chris Acker reacted with 👍
Chris Acker: Yeah I want to see this parking spot
Yuta Baba reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru: It happens to all of us
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I hit the side of our car on the cement pillar  when parking
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🥺
Samvrutha Tumuluru: It was very sad
Yuta Baba: It was very sad
Yuta Baba: Ayumi and her friend visited my place so I was like can you help me park cuz I don’t think I can park
Yuta Baba: And they were like lol sure
Yuta Baba: And I hit the mirror and they laughed so hard
Yuta Baba: It helped tho otherwise I wouldn’t be able to drive rn lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: I scratched my parents car mirror back at home in my garage once
Daniel Strizhevsky: Happens lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: Your parking spaces are also probably a lot smaller
Yuta Baba: Yeah it’s tiny
Yuta Baba: And my car doesn’t have a camera in the back
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🥺
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: Maybe fold in the mirrors when parking lol
Yuta Baba: I need a mirror thooooo
Yuta Baba: It’s ok yesterday I was practicing
Yuta Baba: And before I made every move
Yuta Baba: I got out of the car looked around to make sure I wouldn’t hit
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: And it worked I parked the car nicely
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: Very nice
Yuta Baba: Quite embarrassing but who cares
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'm surprised there's space to get out of the car every time lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: If it's so small
Yuta Baba: I’ll send u a photo later
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol ok
Daniel Strizhevsky: I guess a parking spot needs space to get out or it's not a good parking spot
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Yuta Baba: Yeah I mean
Yuta Baba: Japan is tiny…..
Yuta Baba: I’m scared of parking at a supermarket
Yuta Baba: It’s also tiny
Daniel Strizhevsky: May I recommend some public transportation and/or walking? :)
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: Yeah
Daniel Strizhevsky: I think you may be the only person to take Caltrain in the US and then drive in Japan lol
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: But I need to be able to drive around to take my mom to a hospital
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Yuta Baba: LOL
Yuta Baba: THAT MIGHT BE SO TRU
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: Tru sometimes you gotta drive
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yeah folding the mirror while parking is p helpful
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Gives you like 5 inches on each side
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Lol that parking space is not that bad!  After you practice a bit it’ll be easy
Yuta Baba: Yeah with more practice for sure
Yuta Baba: Long way to go tho
Yuta Baba: https://www.cnbc.com/2022/03/23/covid-omicron-bapoint2-subvariant-will-soon-dominate-in-us-but-fauci-doesnt-expect-another-surge.html
Yuta Baba shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wordle 278 3/6

🟩⬛⬛⬛🟩
🟩🟩⬛⬛🟩
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Samvrutha Tumuluru: #Worldle #62 1/6 (100%)
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🎉
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Samvrutha Tumuluru shared a link.
Chris Acker reacted with 👍
Yuta Baba: #Worldle #63 1/6 (100%)
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🎉
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Yuta Baba shared a link.
Chris Acker reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky: #Heardle #28

🔇⬛️⬛️⬛️⬛️⬛️⬛️

https://heardle.app
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: #Worldle #63 1/6 (100%)
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🎉
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Wordle 279 3/6

⬛🟩⬛⬛⬛
🟨⬛🟨⬛⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Yuta Baba: #Worldle #64 X/6 (93%)
🟩🟨⬛⬛⬛⬅️
🟩🟩⬛⬛⬛➡️
🟩🟩🟩⬛⬛↘️
🟩🟩🟩🟩⬛➡️
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟨⬅️
🟩🟩🟩🟩⬛⬆️
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Yuta Baba shared a link.
Chris Acker: Tababer :(
Yuta Baba: To that was hard
Yuta Baba: You’ll know tmr
Daniel Strizhevsky: No cheating
Chris Acker: 🍌
Chris Acker: @Yuta Baba samvrutha just left the fridge open
Chris Acker: It was beeping and everything
Yuta Baba: SMH
Yuta Baba: I’m glad I have someone who continues to do what I have started lol
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lol it was a one time incident
Samvrutha Tumuluru: In honor of baba
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: But will not happen again
Yuta Baba reacted with 😮
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 😬
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wash feet
Make crypto
Boomerang fu
Love is blind
Krispy Kreme
John’s house
Longboarding
Valorant
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Fricc wrong 💬
Yuta Baba: What is this lol
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: Deciding what to do this evening
Yuta Baba: Please wash your feet
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: They stink
Chris Acker: That was my suggestion
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: I knew it
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: We couldn’t agree on anything
Samvrutha Tumuluru: So we have done nothing
Yuta Baba: PLEASE WASH YOUR FEET
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: I can smell them from jpn
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: Is Chris still using wermies
Samvrutha Tumuluru: No thankfully
Yuta Baba: wOrMiEs
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Worries
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Worries
Chris Acker: I still have them
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wormies
Yuta Baba: Please wash your wormies too @carnistopher
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: #Worldle #64 1/6 (100%)
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩🎉
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Chris Acker shared a link.
Chris Acker: @Yuta Baba
Chris Acker: See that?
Chris Acker: 😉
Yuta Baba: Wtf
Chris Acker: Samvrutha left the fridge open again
Yuta Baba: I KNEW IT
Yuta Baba: knew she’s my ppl
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I didn’t want to be your people in this way
Yuta Baba: Leaving the fridge two days in a row
Yuta Baba: Welcome to the baba club
Daniel Strizhevsky: #Heardle #29

🔇⬛️⬛️⬛️⬛️⬛️⬛️

https://heardle.app
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: #Worldle #64 X/6 (87%)
🟩🟩⬜⬜⬜⬅️
🟩🟨⬜⬜⬜⬅️
🟩⬜⬜⬜⬜⬅️
🟩⬜⬜⬜⬜⬅️
🟩🟩🟩🟩⬜⬅️
🟩🟩🟩🟩⬜⬇️
https://worldle.teuteuf.fr
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Yuta Baba: Do u remember my j friend who was helping love is blind in Japan?
Yuta Baba: She’s looking for participants now lol
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: Should I apply? 😉
Yuta Baba: If u want to expose your love life to the world sure
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: 🍌
Daniel Strizhevsky: Holy cow can you please apply
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: I legit thought about it
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: But nah
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Chris Acker: Lolol that woild be awesome
Yuta Baba: I can’t get married rn lol
Yuta Baba: Also today’s funeral wish me luck
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: I really hope everything goes okay Babs.  Remember that it is okay to be sad, and that we are all thinking about you over here.
Yuta Baba: Thank u thank u I’ll be ok tho!
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: Apparently 100+ might come so it’ll be busy
Chris Acker reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Yuta Baba: 100+ pole
Yuta Baba: Ppl
Chris Acker: Oh that’s great
Yuta Baba: Yeah it’s actually nice to see a lot of ppl come
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: I think that is what you guys deserve so I am happy to hear that.  Please extend my apologies to your mom for not being able to attend due to covid.  I also told my parents what happened and they were very sad.  They give you and your mom their condolences, and said that they want to help out in whatever way they can, so just ask if you need anything
Daniel Strizhevsky: Good luck baba, you can do it
Daniel Strizhevsky: My baba is strong
Daniel Strizhevsky: And soft
Yuta Baba: @Chris Acker thank you. I will tell her that, and thanks for telling your parents.
Yuta Baba: I should be ok, just worried about covid gotta make sure we have everything we can
Yuta Baba: Yoooo
Yuta Baba: I’m sneezing a lot
Yuta Baba: Bay fever is so real
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😓
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🥺
Yuta Baba: *hay
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Just caught up on the chat. Hope everything went alright today Baba. And hope you got some closure. We are sending all our love from over here to you and your mom ❤️
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Also what is hay fever
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Just looked it up hay fever is allergies! I have just learned
Yuta Baba: Yeah I didn’t have it in the states cuz there’s little pollen
Yuta Baba: But omg it’s so bad here
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wordle 282 6/6

⬛⬛⬛🟨⬛
⬛🟨⬛⬛🟩
⬛🟩🟩🟩🟩
⬛⬛⬛⬛⬛
⬛⬛🟨⬛⬛
🟩🟩🟩🟩🟩
Yuta Baba: Funerals over
Chris Acker reacted with 👍
Yuta Baba: Exhausted but glad it’s over
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: Omg
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Yuta Baba: Damn
Chris Acker: Dang, where did all yur money go?
Yuta Baba: Taxes
Chris Acker reacted with 😢
Yuta Baba: It’s quite sad to see
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Samvrutha Tumuluru: snabrutha sent an attachment.
Samvrutha Tumuluru shared a link.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Baba will you try this mans strawberries and report back
Yuta Baba: lol sure
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Please be sure to ball out on the $350 one
Yuta Baba: Ok not gon lie
Yuta Baba: I didn’t watch the whole video
Yuta Baba: And now that you mentioned I watched it
Yuta Baba: WHAT THE HECK
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: @Chris Acker hows your google device? Do you like it?
Chris Acker: It’s p good but I haven’t tried using smart lights or anything yet
Yuta Baba: Hmmm ok
Yuta Baba: I was thinking to buy a smart device here so that my mom can use it as well
Yuta Baba: @Samvrutha Tumuluru can you start selling my stuff?

- HP Z27 27-inch 4K UHD Display: $539 ($597.55 with taxes)
- DYSON PURE HOT + COOL LINK HP02: $619.99 (with tax estimate $60.44)
- DP/HP Evo Filter Retail (Dyson filter): $69.99 (tax estimate $6.82)
Yuta Baba: The filter is in my shelf
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yeah I can put it on FB marketplace
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Also @Chris Acker I did not say it earlier this morning due to EXTREME poopin
Samvrutha Tumuluru: But happy birthday
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 🎉🎊🎉🎊🎊
Chris Acker: Thank you!
Chris Acker: What is poopin
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a gif.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 💩
Daniel Strizhevsky: Holy cow that's an expensive monitor
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a gif.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Good news i don’t have covid
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Bad news probably have food poisoning or something
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I suspect it might have been the Maggie noodle replacement
Yuta Baba: HAPPY BIRTHDAY @Chris Acker 🥳🎉🍾!!!!
Chris Acker reacted with 🥳
Yuta Baba: I wish I could celebrate it with you with the carrot cake
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: Cheers to 26 cheers to officially one year older than me
Chris Acker: Thanks buh 🙏
Samvrutha Tumuluru: The cutting of the cake baba
Samvrutha Tumuluru shared a video.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Is internet out for you @Chris Acker
Samvrutha Tumuluru: ?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Nvm you aren’t home lol
Chris Acker: I am at the office
Chris Acker: 🍌
Yuta Baba: Just got to watch the videos!!!!!
Yuta Baba: So sad I couldn’t celebrate it happy birthday!!!!
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: What’s that
Yuta Baba: Some condiments Chris and I use
Yuta Baba: They are sold in jpn didn’t know that
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Look who I found out in the wild
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Yuta Baba: Ahhhhhh
Yuta Baba: Christopher
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Sorry carnistopher for flaking
Chris Acker: 🍌
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 🍌
Daniel Strizhevsky: 🍌
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 🍌
Chris Acker: 🍌
Yuta Baba: @everyone can u guys pay the utility stuff?
Yuta Baba: I would do it but I don’t want to calculate it lol
Chris Acker: Yep 👍
Yuta Baba: Still 267 bucks unpaid
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Yuta Baba: Thank u thank u
Yuta Baba: Also I’m back to working full time this week!
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Chris Acker reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: Thanks for the reminder baber-kun
Yuta Baba reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: Wow!  Do you work on regular Japanese hours
Yuta Baba: I guess?
Yuta Baba: If I have a meeting I’ll have to wake up early
Chris Acker: Or are you trying to overlap with your team in the us
Yuta Baba: But like 7
Yuta Baba: 7am here is 3pm there
Yuta Baba: So two hour overlap
Yuta Baba: Not enough but we’ll see
Chris Acker reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 2 hours is solid though
Yuta Baba: Tru tru
Yuta Baba: Another issue is that if I start working on Monday that’s Sunday for the US
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Yuta Baba: same as Friday. Friday in the states is Saturday so I’m not working
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Yuta Baba: I only have three days of overlap
Yuta Baba: We are experimenting so we’ll see
Daniel Strizhevsky: i got it
Yuta Baba: Thank u dannyyyyyy
Chris Acker: Baba I’m going to the Korean store all alone now :(
Chris Acker: I have no one to go with
Yuta Baba: Noooooooo
Yuta Baba: Take me too
Chris Acker: @Yuta Baba I made Korean doenjang stew with your miso!
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: So good!!!
Chris Acker: And I finished love is blind Japan while eating it lol
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: ***screen might contain spoilers ***
Yuta Baba: Loooks goooood
Yuta Baba: Yo I haven’t even got a chance to watch a single episode lol
Chris Acker: I actually really liked it so I recommend watching it when you get a chance :)
Yuta Baba: Ohhhh I’ll let my friend know
Yuta Baba: And that you were interested in being in the show as well hahahaha
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I liked it too
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Though I only watched part of it
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I feel it was more romantic feeling
Samvrutha Tumuluru: While love is blind USA was more drama lol
Yuta Baba: Interesting
Yuta Baba: I def thought ppl are taking it more seriously in the j version
Chris Acker reacted with 👍
Yuta Baba: I’m excited to watch it haha
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: Tho not sure when I get to rip
Chris Acker reacted with 😢
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: Tababa
Daniel Strizhevsky: Tababa
Chris Acker: Hey look Dan, you are being labeled as “in n out” in that photo lol
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: This is a really nice photo!
Yuta Baba: I still have my old phone case hahaha
Chris Acker: @Yuta Baba  samvrutha left the fridge open again
Yuta Baba reacted with 😑
Chris Acker: I’m starting to think it was her all along :)
Chris Acker: You are vindicated
Yuta Baba: Smh
Yuta Baba: I no longer have that issue back here
Yuta Baba: Guess I gave that ability to her hahahahah
Samvrutha Tumuluru: It wasn’t me all along
Samvrutha Tumuluru: The baba spirit is just in me now
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: @Samvrutha Tumuluru
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: Garbo
Samvrutha Tumuluru: FR: Caltrain schedule has live updates for the latest train
Chris Acker reacted with 😮
Samvrutha Tumuluru: So you can check if it is on time late etc
Chris Acker: 🍌
Daniel Strizhevsky: Carnistopher says: banana
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: If only there were a convenient plugin on my website where you could make feature requests, and I could accept it, and you could get status updates on it!
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I would like that
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Except wouldn’t the status update be that you aren’t going to work on it
Samvrutha Tumuluru: For a very long time
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Would that not enrage me that I’m not a priority to you
Yuta Baba reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Do you take me for a fool????
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Sorry I’ve decomposed myself
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Recomposed
Yuta Baba: Is this open source?
Yuta Baba: You could attach your github link ppl might send you a feature request somehow
Yuta Baba: Tho I agree w @Samvrutha
Yuta Baba: If I don’t see a feature implemented in the next month I’d feel p sad
Chris Acker: No
Chris Acker: It would look something like this
Chris Acker: Hi Samvrutha, we have seen your rockstar 🌟 idea and we are ecstatic ⚡️ to inform you that it is in REVIEW as a potential new feature for caltrainschedule.com!!  

See all status updates >>here<< to see if YOUR feature makes it ALL THE WAY, because I know our team at caltrainschedule.com is super excited to develop this for you!
Chris Acker shared a link.
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: Wow
Yuta Baba: So professional
Yuta Baba: I like the use of “we”
Samvrutha Tumuluru: That message did make me feel important and good
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: And not enraged
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 👍🏽
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Baba the show is out now
Samvrutha Tumuluru: So far def not as good as love is blind
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Holy fricc they have PACKED IN the drama
Samvrutha Tumuluru: First episode was a wild ride
Samvrutha Tumuluru: They have maximized the drama
Samvrutha Tumuluru: But yo these people are so friccin drunk you can see it in their faces and voices like production has been handing out the drinks left and right
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Fricc baba you would love this show
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Sometimes it is so cringy like holy fricc
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Maybe we have to FaceTime and watch it together sometime
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Oh my baba you would be rolling around laughing if you saw episode 2 of this show
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Oh my god ok baba I gotta call
Yuta Baba: Hey y’all
Yuta Baba: I have commute benefits of 280 bucks that can be used for parking
Yuta Baba: Can we exchange money? I can pay for the next months parking and you can Venmo me or whatever
Daniel Strizhevsky: Hello baba baba
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol will snowflake be ok with you parking in redwood city to work in Japan? :D
Daniel Strizhevsky: If so let's do i
Daniel Strizhevsky: t
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 😂
Samvrutha Tumuluru: They should be proud that he is dedicated to doing such a long commute
Yuta Baba: My official transfer date is 5/1 but hopefully I can use the debit card they gave me?
Yuta Baba: I tried to transfer money to clipper card like in jpn but they didn’t let me
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Yuta Baba: I might have to negotiate w Moises but we’ll see
Daniel Strizhevsky: Please go ahead and do this sir, do you need a receipt or something?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: We need to settle up
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I owe you each 2 dollars
Chris Acker: Fir what
Yuta Baba: Sounds like the gym thingy
Chris Acker: But we just put all that in the splitwise
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: And it looks like Daniel just owes me $6
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yea I meant for last week
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Was sending a reminder to myself to actually put it in
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Do you guys see three MASSIVE gains
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: These*
Daniel Strizhevsky: Holy Businessmonkey
Chris Acker: 🍌
Chris Acker: Hi @Yuta Babarton, I started an email between all of us, including Zach, and moises so that we can get this lease stuff done
Yuta Baba reacted with 👍
Yuta Baba: Just sent the doc with the date on to Moises
Chris Acker: He says that you will have to get your release form signing notarized.  Are you able to do that in Japan?
Yuta Baba: Oh
Yuta Baba: Annoying
Chris Acker: Yeah :(
Yuta Baba: I didn’t even know what notarized document mean so I ignored it
Yuta Baba: Lol
Chris Acker: Lol yeah i don’t know how it works in Japan but in the US there are notarization services
Chris Acker: They watch you sign the document, and give you another document saying that they watched you sign it
Chris Acker: To verify authenticity
Yuta Baba: There are some notarization service online
Yuta Baba: Let’s see if he can take that
Chris Acker: Oh nice
Chris Acker: 🍌
Yuta Baba: When is Zach moving in
Yuta Baba: My stuff needs to be shipped before that right
Chris Acker: Hmm if it’s too annoying to notarize maybe we can keep @Yuta Baba on the lease as there is only one month left
Chris Acker: They might let us add Zach regardless
Yuta Baba: I would rather not pay $1550 so I’ll get it notarized
Yuta Baba: But my worry is my stuff
Chris Acker: I mean we wouldn’t make you pay lol
Chris Acker: Zach would pay and we’d adjust your contribution to $0
Chris Acker: You would just still be financially liable for the apartment
Chris Acker: Zach was planning on moving in May
Chris Acker: (Beginning of May or end of April)
Chris Acker: He says not to worry about your stuff
Yuta Baba: I might not be able to use my benefit card as I won’t be a resident in May 🥲
Yuta Baba: @Daniel Strizhevsky
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Are you gonna get it
Daniel Strizhevsky: Idk if I should
Daniel Strizhevsky: Probably should
Yuta Baba: Idk it depends
Yuta Baba: But if u have a lot of ppl you know in NY maybe
Yuta Baba: And you can give them “discounted price” that offsets the epic pass price haha
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Are we finna call today?
Chris Acker: Call whom
Samvrutha Tumuluru: We 4
Chris Acker: Yes we should
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 🍌
Yuta Baba: Yeah I can do that!
Yuta Baba: Give me like 30 min need to eat and shower first
Yuta Baba: Okie I’m ready
Samvrutha Tumuluru: We are ready
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Give us the ole ring ring
Yuta Baba: yytaba started a call.
Yuta Baba: yytaba joined the call.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: snabrutha joined the call.
Yuta Baba: yytaba started sharing video.
Chris Acker: You joined the video chat.
Chris Acker: You joined the video chat.
Yuta Baba: yytaba joined the video chat.
Yuta Baba: The video call ended.
Yuta Baba: Just curious, are you planning to ship my stuff like soon soon?
Chris Acker: Yes
Yuta Baba: Okie
Yuta Baba: Can you wait doe like a few days
Yuta Baba: I need to buy AirPod Pro
Yuta Baba: To sf
Yuta Baba: That needs to go in to the boxes you are sending me
Yuta Baba: Actually
Yuta Baba: It won’t be delivered until May so nvm
Yuta Baba: Lmk if u guys are buying stuff from eBay
Yuta Baba: I have like 100-150 bucks of coupons that I want to use
Chris Acker: @Yuta Baba do you want your big blanked
Chris Acker: Blanket
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Yuta Baba: Ahhhhhh
Yuta Baba: Yes lol
Yuta Baba: U less Samvrutha really wants it
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lol no baba it’s your blanky
Yuta Baba: Alrighty I’ll take it
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Yuta Baba reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: A NEW ERA BEGINS!!!
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Finished lunch
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 🍌
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Fricc
Samvrutha Tumuluru: wrong chat
Chris Acker: @Yuta Baba do you need a letter from Cigna health
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Yuta Baba: Can u open it for me
Yuta Baba: Have u got any other mails
Chris Acker: Nothing important, just this one
Chris Acker: It is a notification from Cigna that they are covering 70% of the cost of the covid test you got before flying back to Japan
Chris Acker: You will owe the test site you went to the remaining balance of $86.63
Chris Acker: That testing site (or doctors office) will charge you directly.  This letter is just a notice that they covered the 70 percent
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Yuta Baba: Hmmm interesting
Yuta Baba: I already paid the whole amount of 295
Yuta Baba: Does that mean I get money back?
Yuta Baba: The problem is I can no longer log into signa cuz I can’t get the verification text
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: @Yuta Baba
Chris Acker: Would you like a Citi loan if up to 23,000 dollars
Yuta Baba: Plz toss anything related to credit card offers
Yuta Baba: That was too late lol
Yuta Baba: I would’ve used it for my taxes lol
Yuta Baba: Actually prob nah
Chris Acker reacted with 😮
Yuta Baba: The markets so volatile don’t know if it’s going up soon
Chris Acker reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Yuta Baba do you want your Magigo Home coasters?
Yuta Baba: Hmmmmm
Yuta Baba: Yeah sure
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yes sir you will get them
Yuta Baba: Thank uuuu
Daniel Strizhevsky: @yyta tababa we have some bad news
Daniel Strizhevsky: The boxes will probably be >$500 each
Daniel Strizhevsky: To ship
Daniel Strizhevsky: So up to you but we may need to do some research and possibly rethink what to ship/not ship
Yuta Baba: Hmmmmm
Yuta Baba: Is that USPS that you were thinking of using?
Yuta Baba: First-Class Package International Service might be the cheapest?
Yuta Baba: I don’t care how long it takes but the cheapest option would be ideal
Chris Acker: Yeah First Class International packager service by usps is the cheapest we have found.  It would probably cost about $1,500 to $2,000 to send everything
Chris Acker: Are you okay with paying that much?
Yuta Baba: Ok let’s toss a lot of things
Yuta Baba: How many boxes are you estimating
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: 2 extra large boxes
Chris Acker: Which are 21 inches x 24 inches x 20 inches
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: And one large box
Yuta Baba: Wait
Yuta Baba: Three boxes and it will cost 1500?
Chris Acker: Which is 15 inches x 16 inches x 27 inches
Yuta Baba: That’s ducking insane
Chris Acker: Yeah it’s very expensive to ship to Japan
Chris Acker: And each weighs 50 - 75 pounds
Yuta Baba: If we use smaller boxes less weight would that change the price
Chris Acker: Not sure
Chris Acker: You can go to usps website and play around with the pricing calculator
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: Let’s do 3-4 boxes
Yuta Baba: Large
Yuta Baba: 15*16**27
Yuta Baba: Each 30 pounds
Yuta Baba: The rest I need to toss
Yuta Baba: Wait I can’t use priority mail international right
Yuta Baba: Can I?
Yuta Baba: In the photo
Chris Acker: Why not?
Yuta Baba: It’s not for a mail right?
Yuta Baba: I can actually send a box?
Yuta Baba: Then the total cost will be 600-800, I think that’s p reasonable
Chris Acker: It says “max length 60 inches” under it which has to mean box
Yuta Baba: My bed & Dyson and monitor should be able to offset all the cost
Yuta Baba: Does it take 15*16*27?
Yuta Baba: Or the whole length needs to be 60 inches?
Yuta Baba: Like a fedex mail?
Chris Acker: Max length means it just has to be less than 60
Yuta Baba: Like just one side?
Yuta Baba: Then it should be ok right
Yuta Baba: Ok let’s aim for 3 boxes I’m sure I can toss a lot of my clothes
Chris Acker: Yeah that should be fine
Chris Acker: Okay but your books alone are probably more than 30
Chris Acker: Are you okay with tossing those?
Yuta Baba: Hmmm books need to go into multiple boxes
Yuta Baba: I don’t want to toss books
Chris Acker: Some things it might be cheaper to buy again though lol
Yuta Baba: I have a lot to toss anyway let’s keep books for now
Yuta Baba: It’s time to kill all of my clothes tbh
Yuta Baba: I think I brought back most of the stuff I need
Yuta Baba: So I only need to pick a few clothes I need
Yuta Baba: And im gonna toss the blankies
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Yuta Baba: Except for the nicest one
Yuta Baba: Can we do another video call this weekend?
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Chris Acker: Yep, we can do a live packing call
Chris Acker: So you can decide what goes in the box
Yuta Baba: Thank u thank u
Yuta Baba: I sent Moises the notarized doc
Chris Acker: Thanks!
Yuta Baba: Is everything moving forward?
Chris Acker: Yeah I think we should be good to go with Zach’s move in
Yuta Baba: Awesome
Chris Acker: Maybe during the call this weekend you and Zach can also negotiate prices for anything Zach wants to buy in your room
Yuta Baba: Yeah sure
Yuta Baba: Has Zach already moved in?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: No he is planning on moving in next weekend
Yuta Baba: Sounds gucci
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Yuta Baba Dan and I are going to Tahoe this weekend (leaving Friday after work)
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Are you free sometime this week to go over your stuff
Samvrutha Tumuluru: And trim down
Yuta Baba: Oooo okie let’s do before this weekend then
Yuta Baba: I can prob do Wednesday or Thursday evening SF time!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Does Wednesday work for you @Daniel Strizhevsky @Chris Acker
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Also baba what time in the evening is good. I can do anytime after work so 5pm PT
Daniel Strizhevsky: Sure
Yuta Baba: Yeah prob like 515? I have a meeting till 5
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Yuta Baba: Also @Daniel Strizhevsky
Yuta Baba: https://blog.robinhood.com/news/2022/4/26/a-message-from-our-ceo-and-co-founder-vlad-tenev
Yuta Baba shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🥺
Yuta Baba: Hope your friends at Robinhood is doing alright
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Ok let’s just say 5:30 cause I have to drive back from the dentist
Yuta Baba: Sounds gucci!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Sorry I’m late just got done at dentist feel free to start without me if anyone has time constraints
Samvrutha Tumuluru: My ETA is 30 mins
Yuta Baba: All good!
Yuta Baba: Lmk when u can call
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Is everyone ready?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I’m just waiting
Yuta Baba: I am
Samvrutha Tumuluru: snabrutha started a video chat.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: snabrutha joined the video chat.
Yuta Baba: yytaba joined the video chat.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: snabrutha joined the video chat.
Yuta Baba: yytaba joined the video chat.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: snabrutha joined the video chat.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: The video call ended.
Yuta Baba: What are the plans for the rent on 5/1?
Yuta Baba: Is Zach paying or should I pay
Chris Acker: I believe Zach will pay
Chris Acker: As he will be living here
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I will now create a Zach + baba chat for furniture discussions
Yuta Baba: Just curious
Yuta Baba: Is my Alexa in the boxes you guys are shipping?
Chris Acker: Yeah I think so
Yuta Baba: Perf! Thanks!
Chris Acker: @Yuta Baba we tried to send the packages today but they did not let us for two reasons:
1. They were too large, so we are going to try and pack things into smaller boxes
2. We need to declare everything on a customs form (basically list everything that we are sending)
Chris Acker: @Yuta Baba one more thing
Chris Acker: We were looking at Yamato TA-Q-BIN service and it might be cheaper…
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: https://c2c.yamatoamerica.com/Customer/CREATE
Chris Acker shared a link.
Chris Acker: The guy at USPS also recommended Yamato for sending to Japan
Chris Acker: He said it’s often cheaper through them
Yuta Baba: Oh damn thanks for doing that
Yuta Baba: Did the large box work or do you have to use a smaller box for it too?
Yuta Baba: The list sounds tricky tho… and a lot of work
Chris Acker: I think the large box should be fine
Chris Acker: Just the extra large boxes might be too large
Yuta Baba: Hmmm ok I tried it
Yuta Baba: With the size of the large boxes
Yuta Baba: & 50 pounds (the maximum weight we can ship)
Yuta Baba: It’s like 234 bucks so not bad might be a bit cheaper
Chris Acker: Yeah but that’s after taxes right
Chris Acker: When it did it it was like in the 190s pre tax
Yuta Baba: Yeah should be after tax
Chris Acker: Whereas I thought the price we did for USPS was pre tax?
Yuta Baba: Oh
Yuta Baba: Yeah this is way cheaper then
Yuta Baba: Can you use ta q bin besso? I think it has some tax advantages I can use
Chris Acker: Yeah i think so, right?
Yuta Baba: Perfect!
Yuta Baba: I know it’s a lot of work to do… thanks for doing everything for me
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Yuta Baba can you fill out all the forms for us our Japanese isn’t so good 😅
Yuta Baba: Yeah of course
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Maybe we do another call
Samvrutha Tumuluru: To itemize for customs?
Chris Acker: We can fill it out at the same time
Yuta Baba: Kk
Chris Acker: Everything is done online
Chris Acker: I don’t think they will then pick it up from our apartment?
Chris Acker: I think*
Yuta Baba: I can make an account for myself as well
Chris Acker: Yeah then you could pay directly
Yuta Baba: And everything needs to fit under 50 pounds so I need to toss some
Chris Acker: But we will need to help you with the customs info
Yuta Baba reacted with 👍
Chris Acker: As we have all of your stuff
Chris Acker: Yeah so we will need to Redbox
Chris Acker: Re-box*
Yuta Baba: And yes you need to take either Yamato shop or ups/upss
Chris Acker: While we are re-boxing we can create the customs list
Yuta Baba: Sounds good
Yuta Baba: When would be the good time to do it?
Yuta Baba: I should be available this weekend
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Daniel is leaving this weekend
Yuta Baba: Ah
Yuta Baba: To where?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: New Jersey lol
Yuta Baba: Whaaaaaat
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yeah he won’t be back until the end of the month
Yuta Baba: Sad
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Are you free tonight
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Or maybe Thursday night
Samvrutha Tumuluru: (PT)
Yuta Baba: If we can split into like two sessions i can do today and Thursday sf time
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Ok sounds good
Samvrutha Tumuluru: What time works for you maybe 6:30?
Yuta Baba: Is that in like 2 hours?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yeah
Yuta Baba: Can we do in like 2 hours?
Yuta Baba: I have something around noon ish
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Alright so then 6:30PT 10:30japan time?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Or were you asking to meet afternoon
Yuta Baba: Sorry
Yuta Baba: I meant in 1.5 hours
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yeah 6 works for me let me confirm with the bois
Yuta Baba: So 6pm pt
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Daniel Strizhevsky
Yuta Baba: Thank u thank u
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Chris Acker
Yuta Baba: A very efficient way to double check w bois @snabrutha thunder tunumuru
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: LOL
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Dan is confirmed as well
Yuta Baba: Awesome
Yuta Baba: Talk u guys in 1.5
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wait to clarify are we gonna do 4 large boxes
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Or are we tossing stuff to make it fit into 3
Yuta Baba: No
Yuta Baba: Three large boxes 50 pounds maximum each
Yuta Baba: So I do need to cut down some stuff
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Ok so when we call we will be throwing out some stuff
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 🍌
Chris Acker: @Yuta Baba let us know when you are ready to begin
Yuta Baba: yytaba started a video chat.
Yuta Baba: yytaba joined the video chat.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: snabrutha joined the video chat.
Chris Acker: You joined the video chat.
Daniel Strizhevsky: striz joined the video chat.
Daniel Strizhevsky: striz joined the video chat.
Yuta Baba: yytaba joined the video chat.
Daniel Strizhevsky: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1dueoxdWhJT1FZFN7JTZFNY8J5beGsfl5HT1xyVH0V6A/edit?usp=sharing
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: striz joined the video chat.
Yuta Baba: The video call ended.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: ready for you whenever baba
Yuta Baba: yytaba started a video chat.
Yuta Baba: yytaba joined the video chat.
Chris Acker: You joined the video chat.
Chris Acker: You joined the video chat.
Yuta Baba: yytaba joined the video chat.
Yuta Baba: The video call ended.
Chris Acker: https://www.justonecookbook.com/miso-yaki-onigiri/
Chris Acker shared a link.
Chris Acker: @Yuta Baba should i make these
Chris Acker: seems ez
Yuta Baba: Yeah that’s a perfect use of my miso
Yuta Baba: Just make rice balls and put some miso on top and grill them right?
Chris Acker: yeah
Chris Acker: my company has a potluck tomorrow
Chris Acker: and I might make these
Chris Acker: as a snack
Samvrutha Tumuluru: When are we bussin tonight bois
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Yuta Baba lmk when is the best time for you to do round 2 of packing, I'll be free after 6:30 pst
Daniel Strizhevsky: Reminder for @carnistopher and myself - whoever leaves work first should buy two large boxes (to be safe) from a Home Depot on the way back! :)
Chris Acker reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'm gonna go to dinner and just leave early when @Yuta Baba is ready
Yuta Baba: Yeah let me know anytime is good!
Yuta Baba: I might have someone coming in like 30 min but he’ll prob leave super fast
Yuta Baba: He’s just picking up something
Daniel Strizhevsky: When do you think you'll be free then
Yuta Baba: I can do a call now
Yuta Baba: Then might need to hang up for like 10 min in 30 min
Daniel Strizhevsky: We don't have boxes and I'm not home so let's just set a time for later
Yuta Baba: Oh okie that works too
Daniel Strizhevsky: Maybe 7pm/11am?
Yuta Baba: Perf
Daniel Strizhevsky: Does that work for @Samvrutha Tumuluru @Chris Acker
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yeah that works for me
Daniel Strizhevsky: 🍌
Yuta Baba: Alrighty see u guys soon
Daniel Strizhevsky: Cya baba
Chris Acker: I got the boxes
Yuta Baba: Kk
Yuta Baba: Do u wanna start early or start at 7
Daniel Strizhevsky: Thank you christopher
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'll be home at like 7:08 or so
Yuta Baba: Okie okie
Samvrutha Tumuluru: We are all available now
Yuta Baba: yytaba started a video chat.
Yuta Baba: yytaba joined the video chat.
Chris Acker: You joined the video chat.
Chris Acker: You joined the video chat.
Yuta Baba: yytaba joined the video chat.
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Chris Acker: You joined the video chat.
Yuta Baba: The video call ended.
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Yuta Baba we are adding towel and brown sweater to box 3
Daniel Strizhevsky: because there was a bit of extra space
Yuta Baba: Okie sounds gucci
Yuta Baba: Thank u!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Chris Acker  I think we should call in the morning to see what happened to their locations and if they are available
Yuta Baba: Filling out the form rn
Yuta Baba: Just to double check
Yuta Baba: All the boxes are under 55 pounds each right
Chris Acker: Yeah should be
Chris Acker: but no rush
Chris Acker: because we realized the shipping companies will probably be closed over the weekend :(
Yuta Baba: Oh
Yuta Baba: Okie
Yuta Baba: I’ll get it done anyway so that you can go whenever you want
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Chris Acker I think the thing you saw in San Mateo was Suruki supermarket
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Seems like they may have like a drop off thing there?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I think it is a TAQBIN agent
Samvrutha Tumuluru: snabrutha sent an attachment.
Samvrutha Tumuluru shared a link.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: The supermarket is open tomorrow but not sure how likely they are to take our boxes
Yuta Baba: Actually I need to call Yamato on Monday
Yuta Baba: I’m not sure if I’m understanding the implications at custom
Yuta Baba: And I might have to change the name of the sender to one of you guys
Yuta Baba: They require me to submit the id info
Yuta Baba: @Chris Acker can you let me know what happened to my reimbursement for COVID test?
Chris Acker: You never got the reimbursement?
Chris Acker: If you didn’t you should call your insurance company
Yuta Baba: Can you send me the letter they sent me?
Yuta Baba: I can’t use my US number and I can’t even log into the app
Yuta Baba: And don’t want to call them cuz international phone pricey
Yuta Baba: Actually jk you sent me the letter
Yuta Baba: Can you send me the transaction number or something?
Yuta Baba: The photo doesn’t have that
Yuta Baba: Only if u still keep that letter tho
Chris Acker: I don’t have the letter anymore
Chris Acker: Do you see the bill on your credit card?
Chris Acker: Why would your insurance company say they paid for it if you did?
Chris Acker: That’s very abnormal
Chris Acker: Usually you don’t pay directly
Chris Acker: You just give your insurance
Yuta Baba: Yea
Chris Acker: But if you want to access your insurance account you can use a VPN right?
Yuta Baba: no I need a phone number for MFA
Yuta Baba: I do have a vpn
Yuta Baba: But need a phone
Chris Acker: Try using google voice to get a US phone number?
Chris Acker: You can use a virtual phone number with google voice
Chris Acker: When we we to Japan in 2018, we made all the reservation and did calls over a google voice number
Chris Acker: Calling is still fairly expensive tho
Yuta Baba: Yeah will look into it
Chris Acker: @Yuta Baba did you call Yamato about the questions you had?
Yuta Baba: Yes
Yuta Baba: I learned that I cannot use besso
Yuta Baba: So I have to do another way of shipping via Yamato
Yuta Baba: So I will have to redo making the label
Chris Acker: Why not besso?  Do you think it is still better to use Yamato?
Chris Acker: Also did you get an answer for if it’s okay to put your name instead of our names
Chris Acker: For when we send it
Yuta Baba: Probably? With Besso I would have done it when I flew back to Japan
Yuta Baba: Besso has some advantage when it comes to custom
Yuta Baba: Ah I forgot
Yuta Baba: Probably I should use one of you guys names as the sender
Chris Acker: Okay, samvrutha is leaving on Friday so we have until Thursday our time to send it
Chris Acker: Cuz I’ll need help with the boxes
Chris Acker: And Dan is gone to New Jersey
Yuta Baba: Yeah I will do it tonight
Chris Acker: Okay cool 😎
Daniel Strizhevsky: 🍌
Yuta Baba: @Daniel Strizhevsky there is an item coins in box 1
Yuta Baba: Are they actual money?
Yuta Baba: Or can Chris confirm?
Yuta Baba: Can you take them out cuz I don’t think I can send money
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Chris already took them out of the box
Samvrutha Tumuluru: So we should just delete from the spreadsheet
Chris Acker reacted with 👍
Yuta Baba: yytaba started a video chat.
Yuta Baba: yytaba joined the video chat.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: snabrutha joined the video chat.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: snabrutha joined the video chat.
Yuta Baba: yytaba joined the video chat.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: snabrutha joined the video chat.
Yuta Baba: The video call ended.
Chris Acker: Samvrutha is correct
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Reminder for @Chris Acker and myself: Remove iPod from box 1
Yuta Baba: @Chris Acker @Samvrutha Tumuluru I do need one of you guys ids
Yuta Baba: Can you send me your driver license number?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Y6372993
Yuta Baba: This is yours right @Samvrutha Tumuluru?
Yuta Baba: To: Baba Yuta
Reference number ： 67447
Package 1 tracking number： 972921849362
Package 2 tracking number： 972921849373
Package 3 tracking number： 972921849384
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Yuta Baba: these are the list of of stores you can bring to
Yuta Baba: i already paid so you guys shouldnt have to pay
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yes
Yuta Baba reacted with 👍
Yuta Baba: The sender will be you @Samvrutha Tumuluru
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1dueoxdWhJT1FZFN7JTZFNY8J5beGsfl5HT1xyVH0V6A/edit#gid=164338456
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Yuta Baba does the remote have a lithium battery in it
Samvrutha Tumuluru: We are not allowed to ship anything with lithium batteries
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Yuta Baba we’ve successfully dropped the stuff off!!!!!
Yuta Baba: Awesome!
Yuta Baba: It just has some batteries but not lithium
Yuta Baba: Thank you all!!!
Chris Acker: We had to take the battery out of the remote but otherwise they said it should be okay
Daniel Strizhevsky: 🍌
Yuta Baba: Awesome thanks!
Yuta Baba: And prob the battery is out anyway lol
Chris Acker: How was your Saturday @bababoi
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Bababa
Daniel Strizhevsky: Bababa
Daniel Strizhevsky: I bought running shoes
Daniel Strizhevsky: There was a lady in the store who said I have a cross country build
Chris Acker reacted with 😮
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: And then she said she runs "4.5"
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: And I was like haha
Daniel Strizhevsky: But had no idea what she meant
Daniel Strizhevsky: @carnistopher what does that mean
Chris Acker: 4.5 miles?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Maybe but isn't that like
Daniel Strizhevsky: Too specific of a number
Chris Acker: Lol yeah
Chris Acker: Did she say 4 point fives, 4 and a half
Daniel Strizhevsky: Four point five
Chris Acker: Singular five?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah
Chris Acker: And cross country is usually 3.1 so that makes me think if she said it right after her cross country comment she was talking about her normal mileage
Chris Acker: And she just must have been weird
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah I think earlier I overheard her saying someone runs "10.0"
Chris Acker: Lol
Chris Acker: What shoes did you get
Daniel Strizhevsky: Hoka
Daniel Strizhevsky: Rincon 3
Chris Acker: Nice I’ve been thinking of trying some hokas as well
Daniel Strizhevsky: They are very light
Daniel Strizhevsky: I tried a few others
Daniel Strizhevsky: But these remind me of my old Nike free shoes
Chris Acker: Good morning @Yuta Baba !!!
Chris Acker: 🌞
Chris Acker sent a gif.
Yuta Baba: What’s uppp
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Some clouds and rain
Chris Acker: Not here in Redwood City
Samvrutha Tumuluru: What’s up in Redwood City
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Where it is climate best by government test
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yeah I went on a very difficult run today 89 degrees
Samvrutha Tumuluru: And humid as Fricc
Chris Acker: Where is fricc
Chris Acker: And what is the humidity there
Chris Acker: Baba might like it
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Had to spend like 30 minutes recovering post run
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Unfortunately I’m not at liberty to say. You must know to know
Yuta Baba: It rains a lot here it’s a struggle
Yuta Baba: Cuz I only have shoes that I can’t wear when raining
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Yuta Baba: Every time I wear them they get soaked
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Yuta Baba: But boxes are arriving tmr
Yuta Baba: That will be a game changer
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 🎉
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: Again thank uuuu
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Gotta invest in some friendly and fashionable galoshes
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky: Galoshes
Daniel Strizhevsky: Macadamia
Daniel Strizhevsky: Bulbous bouffant
Yuta Baba: Lol I have shows I can wear in the boxes u sent me
Yuta Baba: I’ll be fine hehehe
Daniel Strizhevsky: Crocs
Yuta Baba: I do have them lol
Yuta Baba: Tho I don’t think I can go into office w them
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🥺
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: Mines yellow lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: What color Crocs would be acceptable for the office
Yuta Baba: Black navy white
Yuta Baba: LOL
Yuta Baba: NONE
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: 🍌
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Probably this one 😂
Yuta Baba: Yup lol
Yuta Baba: Got all the boxes!!!!
Yuta Baba: Thank uuuuuuuu
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yay!
Daniel Strizhevsky: 🍌
Chris Acker: Nice!
Daniel Strizhevsky: Tsuke
Yuta Baba reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: We’re you able to unpack your boxes babataba
Chris Acker: Were*
Samvrutha Tumuluru: snabrutha sent an attachment.
Samvrutha Tumuluru shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: Nah
Yuta Baba: I need to make some space before unboxing them lol
Yuta Baba: My house is full of stuff rn
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Yuta Baba pls watch my tiktok
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Twas sent for you specifically :)
Yuta Baba: HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Yuta Baba: have you changed your mind about it @Samvrutha Tumuluru
Samvrutha Tumuluru: No of course we are gonna walk
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: I gotta say
Yuta Baba: You will still be walking
Yuta Baba: But Chris and Dan will drive
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Doesn’t this sound like it could be the name of a character from See
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol Laird Goolsby
Chris Acker: What are you up to on this fine sunday @Yuta Babarton
Yuta Baba: I got sick yesterday so I was sleeping all day
Yuta Baba: And now I’m on to cleaning up my dads room
Chris Acker: covid???
Yuta Baba: Nah
Yuta Baba: I did some tests but no COVID
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Chris Acker: Are you feeling better now?
Yuta Baba: Still not fully recovered but I need to clean up my dads room
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Yuta Baba: Makes me crazy if I don’t
Chris Acker: :(
Chris Acker: get better
Chris Acker: do you want to get on a quick call
Chris Acker: i have time before bedtime
Chris Acker: it's probably already bedtime for sammyv and danechka as it's 1 am!
Chris Acker: for them
Yuta Baba: Yeah ofc
Chris Acker: You started a video chat.
Chris Acker: You joined the video chat.
Yuta Baba: yytaba joined the video chat.
Chris Acker: The video call ended.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Oh no baba baba are you feeling better
Daniel Strizhevsky: My dad and I had COVID and didn't test positive till like day 3 bte
Daniel Strizhevsky: Btw
Chris Acker: How are you feeling danechka?
Chris Acker: Can you still smell and taste things??
Chris Acker: @Yuta Baba do you remember how much you got the guitar for?
Daniel Strizhevsky: I am better
Daniel Strizhevsky: I still have all my senses
Daniel Strizhevsky: 🍌
Yuta Baba: Yeah I feel better
Yuta Baba: Yesterday was potentially day 3
Yuta Baba: I’ll do another test today
Yuta Baba: Ah I don’t remember a few hundreds?
Yuta Baba: Yup I did a test today but negative
Yuta Baba: I should be fine
Chris Acker: My guess would be 300ish.  Does that sound right?
Yuta Baba: Yup yup
Chris Acker: Okay I’ll try to sell it for that
Yuta Baba: Thank u
Chris Acker: I also have a coworker who might be interested
Chris Acker: I’ll let you know
Yuta Baba: Perf
Daniel Strizhevsky: 🍌
Daniel Strizhevsky: Good luck on earnings tomorrow Baba
Yuta Baba: Ugh
Yuta Baba: I’m scared
Daniel Strizhevsky: I believe in you
Yuta Baba: Let’s just go w I’m looking at it long term haha
Daniel Strizhevsky: 🍌
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 🍌
Daniel Strizhevsky: https://www.usnews.com/news/best-states/rankings/education
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Chris Acker: Sorry but I don’t respect any rating that does not sort the listings
Yuta Baba reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: what do you mean
Daniel Strizhevsky: it is sorted
Daniel Strizhevsky: new jersey is #1
Daniel Strizhevsky: (sorry for the spoiler for others)
Daniel Strizhevsky: (but it's implied from me sending it so not that sorry)
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: This is what I see
Chris Acker: And thus it is all I know
Daniel Strizhevsky: oh
Daniel Strizhevsky: on the desktop site it is sorted
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Massachusetts at a respectable #2
Yuta Baba reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: fairly respectable
Yuta Baba: Maryland is 14 not bad @Chris Acker
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Chris Acker reacted with 😠
Chris Acker: https://www.usnews.com/education/best-high-schools/articles/how-states-compare
Chris Acker shared a link.
Chris Acker: Let’s look at the best high schools because who cares about school before that
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol gottem
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Look at that Massachusetts at #1
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: Stop it yur not from Massachusetts
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Daniel Strizhevsky: https://www.usnews.com/education/best-high-schools/tennessee/districts/germantown/houston-high-school-18214
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Hey samvrutha you went to the 24th best high school in all of Tennessee!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: The heart wants what it wants
Samvrutha Tumuluru: :)
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Could be worse!
Daniel Strizhevsky: 🍌
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 🍌
Daniel Strizhevsky: https://variety.com/2022/tv/news/hunter-x-hunter-yoshihiro-togashi-1235276750/
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: This man got 1.7 million Twitter followers in one day lol
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: Just followed him
Yuta Baba: Holy cow
Yuta Baba: This might be perfect for @Samvrutha Tumuluru
Yuta Baba: https://hugsleep.com/?utm_source=ig&utm_medium=paidsocial&utm_campaign=L5+-+ACQ+%5BLALs%5D&utm_content=ACQ+-+LAL+%285%25%29+All+Purchasers+Ever&utm_term=ACQ+-+Shark+Tank+Intro+Video+%5BHomepage%5D&fbadid=23851351334780342&fbclid=PAAaZloOEqlOc_j1k7styXpPMAaIpRdrZ3NjgXbuLvU13U-H_sebhntxXif5o_aem_AT3PZ-RNG7H69_mTQhADtTu68AyYN7xFW8wyM_2lxlSQ77ohFYaDUytmoRU6tZNN7FPsAza1J1ftQvfwvBS_BSpyH-8SukkSL8L7XejNhyZfFkO5SNZlMPu4uDd1HOAlVcY
Yuta Baba shared a link.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: This seems like something I would enjoy greatly
Yuta Baba: I knew it
Daniel Strizhevsky: 🍌
Yuta Baba: The best blankie yet to come
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: Is this another snowflake gift
Yuta Baba: LOL
Yuta Baba: no
Yuta Baba: We broke right now
Yuta Baba: Maybe zipline can deliver some nice blankie
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol rip
Daniel Strizhevsky: I've still only gotten a t-shirt, sweater, and one sock
Yuta Baba: Not two socks?
Yuta Baba: Smh
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah just one
Yuta Baba: Hmmmmmm
Yuta Baba: Well they might givr you a trip to africa
Daniel Strizhevsky: True
Daniel Strizhevsky: Now that I got COVID I'm immune so it might be a good time to go
Daniel Strizhevsky: I guess a trip to Africa is worth like 10+ blankies
Yuta Baba: Yeah for sure
Yuta Baba: And u might be able to even pick up one or two blankies from the plane lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: Idk if I want those blankies
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: Lol yeah u r right
Yuta Baba: Ok speaking of blankies
Yuta Baba: I hate when my blankie on a plane is collected before we land and when its soo cold inside
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: Tbh I don't know if I've ever used a plane blankie
Yuta Baba reacted with 😢
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I’ve never had them take the blankie back
Yuta Baba reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Yuta Baba
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: We found the source
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: Holy cow
Yuta Baba: Did u go in???
Daniel Strizhevsky: Unfortunately not
Yuta Baba: Oh nooo
Yuta Baba: Where did u find it
Samvrutha Tumuluru: On the streets of nyc
Yuta Baba: Oooo
Yuta Baba: You should seriously go there next time
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: 🍌
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Yuta Baba: One step closer to coming back to the states!!!
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Not bad!
Chris Acker: Not bad!
Daniel Strizhevsky: Not bad!
Yuta Baba: Oh my
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: Bubby bubby
Daniel Strizhevsky: How are you
Yuta Baba: Hanging in there haha
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: Still a long way to go until I can fully relax tho
Yuta Baba: Just so many house stuff to do
Daniel Strizhevsky: I believe in you baba boy
Samvrutha Tumuluru: They don’t call you baba the badass for no reason
Yuta Baba: Hahahaha that’s the first time someone calls me badass
Yuta Baba: Thank u thank u
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: We should call sometime soon!!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yeah no need to plan ahead hit us up with a call any night :)
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: Will call this week or next week at the latest!
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: Omg Abe is shot
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: Omg 😳
Chris Acker: What was the motive
Chris Acker: He’s not pm anymore
Yuta Baba: Ik but he was helping the election that’s coming up
Yuta Baba: Idk
Yuta Baba: It just happened
Yuta Baba: And also in jpn
Yuta Baba: Gun shots are extremely rare
Chris Acker: Wow apparently he wasn’t showing vital signs when they took him in the helicopter
Chris Acker: Not good
Yuta Baba: Nope he’s unconscious
Yuta Baba: Well see
Yuta Baba: He got shot with a hunting gun
Yuta Baba: Could be lethal easily
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😢
Samvrutha Tumuluru: That’s crazy. People are out of control these days
Yuta Baba: Ik
Yuta Baba: It was probably the most shocking domestic news I’ve ever heard
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Yuta Baba: He passed away…. I’m shook
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: Oh wow
Chris Acker: That’s crazy
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Did they find out more about who and why?
Yuta Baba: Yeah the guy who shot him worked at one of the defense force that jpn has
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Yuta Baba: But not sure why…
Yuta Baba: Need to follow some news
Daniel Strizhevsky: 🍌
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 👋🏾
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👋
Daniel Strizhevsky: 👋
Yuta Baba: Hiiiii
Daniel Strizhevsky: Hello babu
Daniel Strizhevsky: How are you
Yuta Baba: Wait where u guys at
Yuta Baba: In sf?
Yuta Baba: Omg you need to see this
Daniel Strizhevsky: We are in an Uber home from sf
Daniel Strizhevsky: How did you know
Yuta Baba: Isn’t it super late at night?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah
Daniel Strizhevsky: We're 3 mins from home
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: What am I looking at
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Yuta Baba: All the stuff I will be tossing in the coming days
Yuta Baba: In total of about 30 bags
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: Holy cow
Daniel Strizhevsky: That's a lot of cleaning up
Yuta Baba: And still more to go
Yuta Baba shared a video.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Yuta Baba: Welcome home!!!
Yuta Baba: Glad you came home safely
Daniel Strizhevsky: We are still on veterans blvd
Yuta Baba: Jeez
Yuta Baba: I thought I timed it well
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: Good luck with this cleaning babu
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok now we are home
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol
Yuta Baba: It will take another 3-6 months
Chris Acker reacted with 😮
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Yuta Baba: Hahahah
Yuta Baba: It’s a lot
Yuta Baba: Welcome home!!!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Holy cow that was a lot of cleaning
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lol thank you safely tucked in bed now :)
Yuta Baba: Yayyyyyy!!
Chris Acker: @Yuta Baba 海の日おめでとう🐳
Yuta Baba: I didn’t go to the beach but happy three day weekend
Yuta Baba: How are you guys doing
Yuta Baba: I legit need to catch up w y’all
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: All Gucci over here
Chris Acker: Calls anytime!
Chris Acker: Call*
Yuta Baba: Maybe I can call u guys tmr
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 🍌
Daniel Strizhevsky: 🍌
Chris Acker: 🍌
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 🍌
Yuta Baba: Hiiiiiii
Yuta Baba: U guys done w work?
Chris Acker: I just got home from work
Chris Acker: But I am the only one here it seems
Chris Acker: Not sure where everyone else is 🤔
Chris Acker: @daniel horhey strizhevsky @Samvrutha Tumuluru where you bois at
Yuta Baba: Do u all go into office now
Chris Acker: I still just go in mondays and thursdays
Chris Acker: Dan rarely goes in
Chris Acker: Samvrutha sometimes goes in to get free lunch
Chris Acker: R U free for a call young @Yuta Baba
Yuta Baba: Okie
Yuta Baba: Give me 5-10
Yuta Baba: Making a call to an insurance company
Chris Acker: No probelm
Chris Acker: @Daniel Strizhevsky Do you want rice
Yuta Baba: Ugh taking a while
Yuta Baba: Okie done!
Daniel Strizhevsky: No thank you sire
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'll be done working in like 15 mins or so
Yuta Baba: Then maybe in like 20 min?
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Chris Acker: You started a video chat.
Chris Acker: You joined the video chat.
Yuta Baba: yytaba joined the video chat.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: snabrutha joined the video chat.
Chris Acker: The video call ended.
Yuta Baba: Yo can u send me the recio from the cook book that I left???
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: Which one?
Yuta Baba: The ones the sticky notes on
Yuta Baba: I think there should be a couple of recipes
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: There you go sir
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: I also have a chase offer for you!
Yuta Baba: Thank uuuuu
Yuta Baba: Happy to receive the offer so tell them to give me a better deal haha
Chris Acker: Okay I’ll get back to them and see what they say 😉
Yuta Baba: Yayyyyy
Yuta Baba: Lmk if u guys know anyone! 

https://www.linkedin.com/posts/yutababa_were-looking-to-hire-another-senior-data-activity-6957832739752456192-kpct?utm_source=linkedin_share&utm_medium=ios_app
Yuta Baba shared a link.
Yuta Baba: ITS HAPPENING
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: IM COMING BACK TO THE STATES
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Fricc yeah!
Chris Acker: The couch is yours my buh
Yuta Baba: GET READY TO SEE ME IN THE WEEK OF 10/17
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: the schedule is not confirmed yet but probably mid October
Samvrutha Tumuluru: This is very bussin
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I am pleased
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 🍌
Yuta Baba: I am so happy
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 💃🏾💃🏾💃🏾🎉🥳🎊🎉
Yuta Baba: I’m excited to see u all
Chris Acker: HECK YAH
Yuta Baba sent a gif.
Daniel Strizhevsky: FRICK YEAHHHH
Daniel Strizhevsky: 🍌
Yuta Baba: So hyped
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: @Samvrutha Tumuluru interesting read about your company
Yuta Baba: https://www.riskhedge.com/post/wheres-my-self-driving-car
Yuta Baba shared a link.
Yuta Baba: And it makes sense!!
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol I don't like how this article was written
Yuta Baba: In what way
Chris Acker: Is it the colloquial style?  Or perhaps that every sentence is it’s own paragraph? Lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah both of these things
Samvrutha Tumuluru: They got a few facts wrong
Yuta Baba: Lol savage
Yuta Baba: Do you have examples?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: We’ve been driving in Phoenix in rider only mode for like 2 years now
Samvrutha Tumuluru: But he said a couple months
Samvrutha Tumuluru: And trucking has been a thing we have been doing for like 4 years but he claimed we recently are pivoting to that
Daniel Strizhevsky: 🍌
Yuta Baba: Aha
Yuta Baba: Maybe the info was disclosed recently?
Yuta Baba: Okie decided I’ll be in the office in the week of 10/17!!
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: I’m probably heading to SF on 14th or 15th. How are you guys schedule looking for the weekends? 14-15 or 22-23
Yuta Baba: I’m traveling to other cities after the week of 17th but at least I want to spend one weekend with you guys
Chris Acker: I'm free!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I’m free
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 🍌
Yuta Baba: Heck yeahhhh!!!
Yuta Baba: Let’s plan something!!
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: I am free
Chris Acker: https://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-62585809.amp
Chris Acker shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: @Yuta Baba you need to pull your weight and drink more
Chris Acker: Your country needs you
Yuta Baba: HAHAHAHAHHA
Yuta Baba: im drinking every day sir
Yuta Baba: Jk
Chris Acker: This won’t be a problem once I am over there 😉
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: Plz come!!!!!
Yuta Baba: Finding some nice bars around my area
Chris Acker reacted with 👍
Chris Acker: 🇺🇸 ✈️ 🇯🇵 🍻
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Yuta Baba: Thought youngies drink a lot here tho
Yuta Baba: Like ppl drink here during weekdays
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: Maybe, but you still drink 25% less than your parents generation apparently
Chris Acker: Maybe they drank a LOT lol
Yuta Baba: Shiiiit we gotta mimick what they did
Yuta Baba: #supportingtheeconomy
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: 🍌
Yuta Baba: I realized that I have to take a COVID test before flying back to jpn and cuz my company is paying for the international trip I might have to depart from SF on my way back to jpn
Yuta Baba: Do you think I can stay at you guys place on 28th & 29th?
Yuta Baba: Of October
Yuta Baba: And I’ll take a COVID test on 29th and fly back from on 30th
Chris Acker: Yeah sure!
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yee
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yes
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 🍌
Yuta Baba: Awesomeeee thank u!!
Yuta Baba: Ok let’s plan something for 10/15-10/16 weekend
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Yuta Baba: I’m flying in on 14th
Yuta Baba: I’ll prob leave SF on 22nd
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Yuta Baba: Hey Chris can I use your phone number for the visa application to enter to the states?
Chris Acker: Umm yeah but what does that entail
Chris Acker: I am in Europe right now so my number probably won’t be working
Yuta Baba: That should be fine
Yuta Baba: I just need a phone number tied to the place I’m staying at
Chris Acker reacted with 👍
Yuta Baba: It’s like the address you enter when you are flying
Yuta Baba: But I need a phone number instead
Yuta Baba: The j gov just changed the policy so I no longer need the negative covid test to enter Japan
Yuta Baba: So I might fly directly from MN to SF and then fly back home
Yuta Baba: Will let u know once I figure out my travel plan!
Chris Acker reacted with 👍
Chris Acker: Coolcool
Chris Acker: tsukemono
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Tsukemono
Yuta Baba: TSUKEEEEEE
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: Tsukemono
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: @Chris Acker?????
Yuta Baba: Should I get 14 pro?
Chris Acker: I’m not sure either lol
Chris Acker: I might still wait for the next one
Yuta Baba: Hmmmmm
Yuta Baba: I was actually thinking about getting one
Yuta Baba: Cuz i don’t know when I’m going to the states next time
Yuta Baba: And I need a phone from the states
Chris Acker: Cuz it’s cheaper?
Yuta Baba: Otherwise whenever I take photos the phone will make a shutter sound
Chris Acker: Lolol
Chris Acker: Japan smh
Yuta Baba: Holy cow it’s so expensive in here
Yuta Baba: Yeah I def need to get one in the states
Yuta Baba: Ok I’m ordering it
Chris Acker: Yeah it’s always up-priced in other countries
Yuta Baba: It’ll be deliver to the Redwood rebel headquarter
Chris Acker: Sure!
Chris Acker: Are you going to get the big one?
Chris Acker: Or the smaller one
Yuta Baba: No
Yuta Baba: 14 pro
Yuta Baba: Not max
Yuta Baba: Silver or black?
Yuta Baba: I’m leaning towards silver
Chris Acker: You don’t want deep purple???
Yuta Baba: I like the color purple
Yuta Baba: But maybe not for my phone
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Tbh it just looks gray to me lol
Chris Acker: I need to see it in perso.
Yuta Baba: You mean the black?
Chris Acker: Person
Yuta Baba: Well
Yuta Baba: I’m ordering it online
Chris Acker: No I’m the image above, the purple is on the right
Yuta Baba: So that I can get it for sure when I go
Yuta Baba: Oh
Yuta Baba: The purple one looks purple to me
Chris Acker reacted with 😮
Yuta Baba: Hmmm I might go for black again
Yuta Baba: Yeah black it is
Chris Acker: You can’t go wrong with black or silver
Yuta Baba: I liked the green one
Yuta Baba: I probably should get a case
Yuta Baba: I drop it too much anyway
Chris Acker: Not everyone can be caseless like me 😉
Yuta Baba: I wish
Yuta Baba: Too risky
Yuta Baba: And I wanna carry my credit cards with my phone
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lol
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 😂 a classic
Chris Acker: You can do that with Apple wallet
Chris Acker: So that your credit cards are actually in your phone lol
Yuta Baba: Oh that’s true
Yuta Baba: Okay I want to carry my drivers license lol
Chris Acker: @Yuta Baba  our friend works for a bank in the US, and there are 3 businessmen coming from Japan to visit the company.  He is supposed to take them out to lunch.  Is there any etiquette that he should know about?  Like, should he buy them a welcome gift or something
Yuta Baba: Hmmmm actually I don’t know much about the business manner in jpn, but Im sure a small welcome gift would be nice (not mandatory at all)!
Yuta Baba: here is an article about it: https://www.gtalent.jp/blog/japanwork/others/japan-business-manners
Yuta Baba shared a link.
Yuta Baba: https://livejapan.com/en/article-a0002470/amp/
Yuta Baba shared a link.
Yuta Baba: You can totally ignore some of the things in this article like karaoke etc
Yuta Baba: But the thing on name cards is a good one
Yuta Baba: Not sure if they will bring the cards tho
Yuta Baba: https://allabout-japan.com/en/amp/article/2695/
Yuta Baba shared a link.
Yuta Baba: This one is good about seating at a meeting/in an elevator
Yuta Baba: I think these would be nice to know!
Yuta Baba: And I’m sure they will notice it, which would probably smoothen the business convo as well
Chris Acker: Ooh thx
Yuta Baba reacted with 👍
Chris Acker: yeah i've seen stuff about 名刺 etiquette before
Chris Acker: that's a good one
Yuta Baba: Tbh name cards and seating etiquette would be all you need to know
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Yuta Baba what were the dates you can hang out again weekend of Oct 15?
Yuta Baba: Yes!
Yuta Baba: Finally booked all the flights yesterday
Yuta Baba: Flying in on 14th
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: Out on 21st
Yuta Baba: Can I also stay on 29th? There is no good connection flight from MN on the 30th so I decided to fly back to SF the day before
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yup!
Yuta Baba: Thank uuuuuu
Yuta Baba: Okie I figured out the schedule!
Yuta Baba: 10/14-10/21: SF
10/22-10/25: DC
10/25-10/27: NYC
10/27-10:29: MN
10:29-10/30: SF
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru: That’s a big travel schedule!
Chris Acker: Yur going to dc??
Chris Acker: Should I come??
Daniel Strizhevsky: Holy cow that's a lot of travel
Daniel Strizhevsky: Eggcited to see you baba!
Yuta Baba reacted with 😆
Chris Acker sent a gif.
Yuta Baba reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: I’m seeing Kenny and Dhruv as well! Not sure how much time I have with them but you can for sure come!
Yuta Baba: I know…. Pushing myself real hard haha
Yuta Baba: A heads up that a friend of mine is buying a new iPhone which will be sent to the Redwood headquarter sometime before I fly in (I’m also buying one as well). Can you keep them for me??
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Chris Acker: Lolol
Yuta Baba: I’m more inclined to buy purple now lol
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: https://www.cnn.com/travel/amp/japan-reopening-border-tourists/index.html
Chris Acker shared a link.
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: Finally
Chris Acker: ついに
Chris Acker: I’m telling you the interesting colors are the way to go!
Yuta Baba: I’m also moving to Tokyo feel free to stay tho not sure if I can accommodate 4 of u guys haha
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Yuta Baba: I’m planning to get a case tho not sure if purple looks good with a case
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I have red
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I like it
Yuta Baba: Red phone or red case
Yuta Baba: ?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Red phone
Yuta Baba: Hmmmmm
Yuta Baba: Im actually torn between black and purple
Yuta Baba: Gold is not bad if I don’t use a case
Yuta Baba: But I’m not comfortable without a case
Yuta Baba: Maybe I should go to Apple Store and check phones with cases
Yuta Baba: Are you getting one @Chris Acker
Chris Acker: You probably won’t notice the color that much if you have a case right?
Chris Acker: All the more reason for purple :)
Yuta Baba: You kinda do tho
Chris Acker: Nah I think I’ll stick with my 12 for now
Yuta Baba: But you wouldn’t see it everyday
Yuta Baba: U r right
Daniel Strizhevsky: :o when
Yuta Baba: I literally moved today
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Yuta Baba: But realized there is no curtain no fridge no washer and drier
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: So not livable as of now
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Chris Acker: Is your plan to spend the weekends there?
Chris Acker: Which neighborhood of Tokyo is it in?
Yuta Baba: No I’m moving out of my house
Yuta Baba: I’m planning to come back to Yokohama once in two weeks
Yuta Baba: I will be in azabu
Yuta Baba: Close to roppongi
Chris Acker: Will your mom be okay?
Yuta Baba: Well
Yuta Baba: She has been in hospital since august
Yuta Baba: Bc I needed to be away from her
Yuta Baba: And I can’t live with her
Chris Acker: Ohh I didn’t know
Yuta Baba: Or I shouldn’t be
Yuta Baba: Sorry there was so much going on
Yuta Baba: I had to spend the whole august mentally recovering m
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Yuta Baba: And September is just me planning the next step for my mom
Chris Acker: Right right
Chris Acker: Is everything okay over there?
Yuta Baba: Hopefully
Chris Acker: I can come to Japan from October if you need me :)
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: She’s coming back on the 26th
Chris Acker reacted with 👍
Yuta Baba: So that will be a challenge
Yuta Baba: Come to jpn for a travel!!!!
Yuta Baba: And I can tag along
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: Ski trip in jpn?
Chris Acker: Ooh that’d be fun
Yuta Baba: You can snowboard I guess hehe
Chris Acker: I can do either one 😉
Yuta Baba: Right right
Chris Acker: I’ll be in Hawaii in December
Yuta Baba: Again?????
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: Maybe I’ll fly from there to Japan in January lol
Chris Acker: Yeah I’m actually spending Christmas in Hawaii
Chris Acker: For my grandmother’s 80th birthday
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: Ooooo thats fun
Yuta Baba: And yaaaaas!!!!
Yuta Baba: Which Island are you going
Chris Acker: Kauai and then big island
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: Looking forward to seeing you here in October :)
Yuta Baba: Me too!!! I’m super excited
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: Let’s plan something for the weekend
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: Also I’m catching some sleeeeeep
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: What the lol
Yuta Baba: *did
Yuta Baba: Hmmm
Yuta Baba: I did move to an unfurnished one
Samvrutha Tumuluru: What type of activity are you interested in
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Partying
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Hiking
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Chilling
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Gaming
Samvrutha Tumuluru: We have it all!
Yuta Baba: We can go hiking on one day for sure!
Yuta Baba: And maybe we can do partying/chilling afterwards
Yuta Baba: Or gaming I mean
Daniel Strizhevsky: Sorry I don't game anymore I'm only allowed to Leetcode
Yuta Baba reacted with 😢
Daniel Strizhevsky: Are you staying at our place the whole time in SF @Yuta Baba ?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Bumping Message
Daniel Strizhevsky: And what time is your flight on 10/21?
Yuta Baba: Can I stay at the whole time?
Yuta Baba: If not I’m staying at Sameer’s place in some days so just lmk
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Yuta Baba: 14th: arriving at 420pm
21st: leaving at 1115pm
29th: arriving at 550pm
30th: leaving at 1135am
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yee
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ofc
Daniel Strizhevsky: Samvrutha and I are going up to Tahoe 20th or 21st - trying to decide now, but we will see you the rest of the time
Yuta Baba: So far, I have a team activity on Monday and Thursday(I should be available at night) and I’m meeting a friend at night on Friday
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Yuta Baba: Im coming back on 29th anyway, we can do the final dinner on that day!!
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Yuta Baba: Im trying to see sameer and one of my colleagues so I’m pretty packed with a schedule haha if that’s ok….
Yuta Baba: Im planning to wfh on Monday and Friday
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yee
Daniel Strizhevsky: What time is your thing Thursday?
Yuta Baba: Oh it’s till 330
Yuta Baba: Pm
Yuta Baba: Maybe we hit a happy hour after that
Yuta Baba: Who knows
Yuta Baba: But I can do early dinner before you guys are headed to Tahoe
Samvrutha Tumuluru: My parents are coming into town on the 29th so I won’t be able to do a final dinner unfortunately :(
Samvrutha Tumuluru: But we will partay the rest of the time!
Yuta Baba: Alright let’s do on 20th then!!
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Yuta Baba: An I phone will be deleite red under my name tmr!!
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: Plz keep it safe boisssss
Yuta Baba: Cuz its for a friend here
Yuta Baba: And my I phone 14 pro will be delivered towards the end of Oct
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: Hopefully I can get it before I leave lol
Chris Acker: Kk!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I will protect it with my life
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: 🍌
Yuta Baba: yo, i bought an i phone for a friend, but seems like it is returning to apple cuz the carrier couldnt deliver the package
Yuta Baba: can i use one of you guys name?
Yuta Baba: i no longer live there, so they must have not been able to deliver it
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yeah
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 🍌
Yuta Baba: Thank u thank u
Yuta Baba: Ugh so annoying
Yuta Baba: Can they just give it to the guy at the front
Chris Acker: Yeah probably, but there is no guy in the front over the weekend
Yuta Baba: Ugh
Yuta Baba: I have to make sure my I phone 14 pro gets delivered
Yuta Baba: Otherwise I’ll be extremely sad
Chris Acker: do you know what day it is coming?
Yuta Baba: I can rebuy my friends I phone cuz I still have ample time
Yuta Baba: For my k phone between 24th and 31st
Chris Acker: Do you know if we need to sign for it (get it in person) or could they leave it in a locker
Yuta Baba: I think they can leave it in locker?
Yuta Baba: I prob update the phone number cuz my phone number is not working right now
Yuta Baba: Until I go to the states
Chris Acker: You can put my name and phone number for the delivery
Yuta Baba: 🍌
Yuta Baba: Will do
Chris Acker: 🍌
Chris Acker: @Yuta Baba We were thinking of things we could do while we are here and thought it might be fun to throw a party at our place saturday night. We could invite all of our friends (and you could invite all the people you'd want to see in the SF bay area).  Would you be down with that or were you wanting to just chill/relax, which is ok too :)
Chris Acker: while *you are here
Yuta Baba: Let’s do ittttt
Yuta Baba: That’d be fun!!
Yuta Baba: And we can do a chill night on Friday/Sunday
Chris Acker: Alright let’s do it!
Chris Acker: Start inviting everyone you know and we will do the same!
Yuta Baba: Okieeee
Yuta Baba: How many are you planing to invite
Yuta Baba: Deciding how many I’m inviting haha
Chris Acker: Invite them all!
Yuta Baba: LOL
Yuta Baba: it will be carls
Yuta Baba: HAHAHAH
Chris Acker: Maybe we will invite 10-15 or so
Chris Acker: That’s fine
Yuta Baba: Okie okie
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Yuta Baba: I’this time with Chris’s info
Yuta Baba: I couldn’t change the primary phone number for my I phone pro
Yuta Baba: But I still change the name under the shipping address
Yuta Baba: But I shared my I phones shipping status with Chris’s email hopefully that helps get it delivered…
Yuta Baba: Thanks for all the help!!!
Daniel Strizhevsky: 🍌
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 🍌
Chris Acker: 🍌
Yuta Baba: Okay I invited 6 so far and 3 already have plans rip
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Chris Acker reacted with 😢
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Good news!
Yuta Baba: Awesomeeere
Yuta Baba: For my I phone pro I couldn’t change the primary phone number so I added your email address instead!
Yuta Baba: Thank youuuuuu
Chris Acker: 👌
Chris Acker: ✅
Chris Acker: @Yuta Baba what is the email address for the delivery I got a notification for?
Chris Acker: I want to check the tracking info
Yuta Baba: christopheracker1@gmail.com
Yuta Baba: There should be two i phones tied to this email
Chris Acker: Hmm that doesn’t seem to be the right email for this one
Yuta Baba: Cuz there will be three i phones including mine that im bringing back home
Yuta Baba: For that one i used your phone bumber
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Yuta Baba: But the other two, i couldnt use your phone jumber so i used your email addesss
Yuta Baba: Its not the primary email
Yuta Baba: But the info will be shared i think
Yuta Baba: Can i actually call
Chris Acker: Ok, I hope the message me 😬
Chris Acker: They
Chris Acker: Call me?  Yeah
Chris Acker: I got the package
Daniel Strizhevsky: 🍌
Chris Acker: :Banana
Yuta Baba: Yaaaaas!!!!
Chris Acker: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2PaXAb8chuM
Yuta Baba: Yoooo this looks gooooodd
Yuta Baba: I dodny watch the wholw thjng
Yuta Baba: But i will def go
Yuta Baba: Thabj u
Yuta Baba: Also mu phone stopped autocorrecting
Chris Acker reacted with 😢
Yuta Baba: Wtf
Yuta Baba: Wait auto correct is on
Yuta Baba: But doesnt grt correxted
Yuta Baba: Oh wel
Chris Acker: Lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: Hey yuta baba types like our friend Sarin now
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: Lol
Yuta Baba: Its just the autocorrection is gone in measanger
Yuta Baba: This is so annoying
Chris Acker: Lol mine seems to be working
Chris Acker: Now we see who you truly are 😏
Chris Acker: You can’t hide behind Apple any longer
Yuta Baba: Ugh
Yuta Baba: Should i return i phone 14 pro
Yuta Baba: It beyyer come with some autocorrectikn
Yuta Baba: Holy cow this is annoying
Chris Acker: It will be fixed on that one for sure 👍
Yuta Baba: Better be
Chris Acker: Did you toggle autocorrect off and back on
Yuta Baba: I dis
Yuta Baba: Did
Chris Acker: Did you turn your phone off and back on
Chris Acker: And if that doesn’t work, try resetting your dictionary: 
Settings > General > Reset > Reset Keyboard Dictionary
Yuta Baba: No
Yuta Baba: Ill do ygat
Yuta Baba: Brb
Yuta Baba: Ok
Yuta Baba: I restarted my phone
Yuta Baba: And I feel like autocorrection is working now
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: Wtf
Yuta Baba: I no longer type like sarin
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Yuta Baba: My new baby is coming sooooooon
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: Also I’m flying out in less than 24 hours!!!!
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: I’m super hyped
Yuta Baba: My flight is UA7939 arriving at 420pm
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: On 14th
Yuta Baba: Planning to take Uber so no need to pick me up!!
Chris Acker: See you soon bababoiii
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: Se you soon bubby
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Egg cited to c you soon Bababababa
Yuta Baba: Meeeeeee tooooo
Yuta Baba: it has been shipped!
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: https://wwwapps.ups.com/etracking/tracking.cgi?TypeOfInquiryNumber=T&InquiryNumber1=1Z3026AA0421113394&requester=ST/trackdetails
Yuta Baba: shipping #: 1Z3026AA0421113394
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Yuta Baba: Priority pass is amazing
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: I’m sipping wine and beer for freeeeeee
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: Okie I’m flying out!!! See u guys soon!!
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: See you soon bubbah
Yuta Baba: Landed!!!!
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Welcome!!
Chris Acker: Welcome!
Chris Acker: Are you coming here now?
Chris Acker: Do you still have your US sim?
Yuta Baba: I do!!!
Yuta Baba: I’m gonna port it this time tho
Yuta Baba: So I don’t have to keep paying
Yuta Baba: Idk maybe I should keep it
Yuta Baba: Cuz then I’ll have data
Chris Acker: You can always just a new sim every time you come here
Yuta Baba: It’s annoying tho
Yuta Baba: To get one every time
Yuta Baba: But I could do it
Chris Acker: Wait so what’s the plan, are you coming over here to our place?  Do you have to work now?
Chris Acker: Are we doing dinner together?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Welcome bubby!!!
Daniel Strizhevsky: Do you remember our address??
Daniel Strizhevsky: Are you going to Uber here?
Yuta Baba: Yup I’m coming straight to your place
Yuta Baba: I’m on Uber now
Yuta Baba: And yes dinner together!!
Yuta Baba: Yup to both!!!
Daniel Strizhevsky: Frick yeah
Yuta Baba: I’m in the middle of this fricking traffic
Yuta Baba: How can I forget the address
Yuta Baba: How dare you to ask me that question
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: Sorry baba boy
Daniel Strizhevsky: Just wanted to be prepared for the worst
Yuta Baba reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: So far I’m exceeding the expectation 💪
Chris Acker: 855 veterans Blvd
Chris Acker: Apt 502
Yuta Baba: Is anyone at the Redwood rebel headquarter?
Yuta Baba: Cuz I’m arriving in a couple of minutes
Chris Acker: Yessir
Chris Acker: We are all here
Yuta Baba: HEELLLLL YEAAAHHH
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'm pooping
Yuta Baba: Ewwwwww
Yuta Baba: Thanks for letting me know!
Yuta Baba: I’m at the back side
Yuta Baba: Can anyone let me in….
Chris Acker: Yessir
Yuta Baba: Thank uuuu
Daniel Strizhevsky: Christopher and I are coming
Yuta Baba: Done pooping!???
Yuta Baba: Vista
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: Ty baba boi
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Oops
Yuta Baba: @Chris Acker
Yuta Baba: Can u get me chipotle too
Daniel Strizhevsky: 🍌
Yuta Baba: @daniel horhey strizhevsky @Samvrutha Tumuluru are you guys awake?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Just woke up
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Not gonna go to farmers market anymore though
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Closes at 1pm
Samvrutha Tumuluru: When did you wake up?
Yuta Baba: Ik ik
Yuta Baba: Like at 10
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Yuta Baba: But I need to get my clothes lol
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Looooool
Yuta Baba: And went back to sleep lol
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Ok I’m in the bathroom right now and Dan is asleep I think?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: But I can open the door after
Yuta Baba: Sounds good 🙏
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Other option is to knock on it and awaken young Daniel
Samvrutha Tumuluru: And he will be able to open it ASAP
Yuta Baba: It’s fine
Yuta Baba: I’ll just patiently wait outside for now
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I have unlocked the door!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: You can grab your stuff
Yuta Baba: Awesomeeee
Chris Acker: Can I add Zachary to this group, as he is a redwood rebel and he likes rice?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I have no problem with adding young Zachary to this group. But I think we should still use our other chat for general house related stuff so as not to spam Young Baba after he leaves
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: Yeah for sure
Chris Acker: @daniel horhey strizhevsky @Yuta Baba please simply like this message to voice your consent
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Chris Acker: @Yuta Baba did you say you had dinner plans tonight?
Yuta Baba: Yes I have a dinner plan
Chris Acker reacted with 👍
Chris Acker: You added Zach Gospe to the group.
Yuta Baba: Eating hot pot heheheh
Chris Acker reacted with 😠
Chris Acker: I want hot pot
Daniel Strizhevsky: 🍌
Zach Gospe: 🍌
Zach Gospe: 🍌
Zach Gospe: 🍌
Zach Gospe: 🍌
Zach Gospe: 🍌
Zach Gospe: 🍌
Zach Gospe: 🍌
Zach Gospe: 🍌
Zach Gospe: 🍌
Zach Gospe: 🍌
Zach Gospe: 🍌
Zach Gospe: 🍌
Zach Gospe: slackA$$ set the quick reaction to 🦑.
Zach Gospe: 🦑
Zach Gospe: 🦑
Daniel Strizhevsky: 🦑
Yuta Baba: Can anyone open the door for me
Yuta Baba: I’m at the first floor
Chris Acker: Yeah I’m coming
Yuta Baba: I’m coming up actually
Chris Acker: Ok
Daniel Strizhevsky: 🦑
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: iPhone 13 has come in
Daniel Strizhevsky: n00b iPhone 13
Yuta Baba: Peffect!!!!
Yuta Baba: The last one is my phoneeee
Daniel Strizhevsky: Any Ricetophers want rice?
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Yuta Baba
Yuta Baba: No rice for meeee
Daniel Strizhevsky: Good tababa
Chris Acker: @Zach Gospe you are at home tonight right
Chris Acker: @Yuta Baba are we doing dinner together tonight or are you alone
Zach Gospe: I am going to be at the apartment around 6:40
Zach Gospe: Not going to my parents tonight
Zach Gospe: 🦑
Chris Acker: Oh wow holy smokes
Chris Acker: 🚬
Chris Acker: @Yuta Baba are you joining US
Chris Acker: @Zach Gospe actually is your plan to eat here, and if so what
Chris Acker: Should I make rice for us
Zach Gospe: I’d be down to make food tonight
Zach Gospe: We can do the usual
Zach Gospe: Unless Baba wants to do something else / go eat somewhere
Chris Acker reacted with 👍
Chris Acker: Let’s wait for His input
Chris Acker: Btw have you left for the apt yet
Chris Acker: Because if not I might get chipotle hehe
Chris Acker: Gettin a little hungry
Zach Gospe: I’m in the parking garage
Zach Gospe: Idk where yuta is tho
Zach Gospe: Parking garage of our apartment
Chris Acker: Cool
Zach Gospe: Don’t misinterpret and get chipotle lol
Chris Acker: Ok
Chris Acker: I think we are going to have to abandon yuta 😭
Yuta Baba reacted with 😢
Zach Gospe: What a Baba boy
Yuta Baba: Im actually with one of my colleagues!
Yuta Baba: Ill grt at the apartment later
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Have fun baba!
Zach Gospe: 🦑
Yuta Baba: Coming back home soon!!
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: 🦑
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 🦑
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Good good
Yuta Baba: Can u open the door for me?
Chris Acker: Yea
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Has baba been gotten
Chris Acker: Yeah
Yuta Baba: Just csme back!!
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Yuta Baba: It should be coming today
Yuta Baba: If Chris is out today, Dan, can you pick it up for me?
Chris Acker: Babberrrr
Chris Acker: It will stay in the locker
Yuta Baba: Ohhhhhh
Chris Acker: In Luxer
Yuta Baba: Perf
Chris Acker: So no worries
Yuta Baba: Kk
Yuta Baba: FINALLY ITS COMING
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: Also ley me know when we are having dinner
Yuta Baba: Ill be back before then
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Where are we gonna eat
Samvrutha Tumuluru: In Redwood City or elsewhere?
Yuta Baba: Either works for me!!
Yuta Baba: Guess depends on everyones schedule today
Chris Acker: I can probably be free after 5
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I can be free after 5 too
Yuta Baba: @Daniel Strizhevsky @Zach Gospe ?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah 5 is good, samvrutha and I want to leave for Tahoe around 6:30 so the earlier the better
Yuta Baba: Okie sounds good!
Yuta Baba: Will be back by then!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: How about we eat in Redwood City
Yuta Baba: 🦑
Chris Acker: Looks like Taba’s iPhone arrived in Luxor
Chris Acker: Code 435422 if anyone wants to pick it up
Yuta Baba: Hell yeahhhh
Daniel Strizhevsky: Barnacles
Yuta Baba: Im coking back soon
Zach Gospe: Hello friends it’s unlikely I’ll be able to make such an early dinner I’m very sorry
Yuta Baba: Im running late my bad
Yuta Baba: ETA 5:08
Yuta Baba: Im here
Yuta Baba: Can you open the door doe me
Chris Acker: Ok I’m come get you
Yuta Baba: Thank u
Yuta Baba: Coming home soon
Chris Acker: Ok
Chris Acker: Wait you have a key tho right
Yuta Baba: Yup
Samvrutha Tumuluru: We have arrived safely in Tahoe
Yuta Baba: Yeeeeee
Yuta Baba: Have fun over there and will see you next week!!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Please look at my graph
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Zach Gospe: My big takeaway is you’ve been 3x more productive this month than most other months
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Only 3x! I feel like it is much more
Yuta Baba: Let’s see if you can continue this productivity in Nov and dec
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Yuta Baba: Dang I found the couch!
Yuta Baba: Flying out soonish!!
Yuta Baba: Will be back next weeeeeeeeeek
Chris Acker: Safe flight!!!
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lol where is this
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Probably not as comfy though
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Meh might lose steam
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Enjoy!
Yuta Baba: Landed!!
Yuta Baba: Looks like my debit card has been mailed have you guys received it?
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: I don't remember any debit card
Yuta Baba: Hmmmmmm
Yuta Baba: Maybe I should call them
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: Ooh where dat
Yuta Baba: Boqueria
Yuta Baba: Spanish restaurant
Daniel Strizhevsky: 🦑
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Yuta Baba can I trash these?
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Yuta Baba: Please do
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Yuta Baba when is your flight
Chris Acker: He is coming back tomorrow not today
Samvrutha Tumuluru: How did you know this
Yuta Baba: It’s tmr
Yuta Baba: Shit
Yuta Baba: Did I
Yuta Baba: My bad
Chris Acker: I hacked babrs email
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: And found this bad boi
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lol
Chris Acker: @daniel horhey strizhevsky
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: Elon musk is your spirit animal
Yuta Baba: Also a friend of mine from work is driving me from the airport and she’s joining us for dinner if that’s ok!
Yuta Baba: Flying out soon!
Yuta Baba: Landed!!
Chris Acker: Nice!
Chris Acker: Is your friend picking you up
Yuta Baba: Yup
Chris Acker: Okay let us know when you are approaching
Chris Acker: Do you know where you want to eat yet
Yuta Baba: Kk
Yuta Baba: Hmmmm
Yuta Baba: Any food restrictions we need to consider?
Chris Acker: It’s just gonna be you and me
Chris Acker: Plus your coworker
Chris Acker: As Dan and samvrutha are with her parents
Yuta Baba: Oh
Chris Acker: And Zach is tired, sleeping in his room cuz he’s on antibiotics due to a soar throat
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🦅
Chris Acker: So I’m good with whatever
Yuta Baba: Okie okie
Yuta Baba: Let me think
Yuta Baba: We are close!
Chris Acker: 🦑
Yuta Baba: Can you come to the back
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Yuta Baba
Daniel Strizhevsky: Can I also have bubble tape
Daniel Strizhevsky: I love bubble tape
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Chris Acker
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Yuta Baba
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Chris Acker
Yuta Baba: Alrighty
Yuta Baba: Got u man
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: Im leaving soon fyi
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Friccc
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I’m in the bathroom :(
Yuta Baba: Dang
Yuta Baba: Im leaving in like 15
Yuta Baba: You still got some time
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I will do my best to expedite this journey
Samvrutha Tumuluru: And return to the living room
Yuta Baba: 🦑
Zach Gospe: 🦑
Zach Gospe: 🦑
Zach Gospe: 🦑
Zach Gospe: 🦑
Yuta Baba: Babi babi babiiiiiiiiii
Babi babi babuuuuuuuu
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 🦑
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Keep the song alive!
Yuta Baba: Gotta make the sticker for it
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Findmy bubby
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: Damn
Yuta Baba: SFO is closer now
Yuta Baba: Can u see that when I’m in the air
Yuta Baba: That’d be cool
Yuta Baba: I’ll be moving like super fast
Chris Acker: As long as you have internet I guess
Yuta Baba: Hmmmm maybe I should get it just for this
Daniel Strizhevsky: 🦑
Yuta Baba: Enjoying my priority pass now
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: Flying out soon!!! Thanks for having me will miss y’all
Zach Gospe: Have a safe flight! It was great to see you Baba
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: Babi babi
Chris Acker: Bye bye Babi!!
Chris Acker: Safe flight!
Yuta Baba: Seeeee yoouuuu soooooon
Chris Acker: See you soon!  Perhaps next in Japan
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: Thank you for joining us bubby
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Bye bye bubby
Yuta Baba: Landed!!
Daniel Strizhevsky: Welcome back bubby!!!
Daniel Strizhevsky: Now don't sleep for like 6 hours
Yuta Baba: Do u see where I am from gmap
Yuta Baba: Yeah I slept for like 2 hours on a plane
Yuta Baba: I think I can pull that off
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: It still says sfo lol
Yuta Baba: Lol
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I literally see you in Ota Japan
Yuta Baba: Whaaat
Yuta Baba: Hell yeah
Daniel Strizhevsky: Oh I see it now too
Yuta Baba: Niceeeee
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Well done :)
Yuta Baba: @Chris Acker do you see a text from my number I made yesterday?
Chris Acker: Yeah
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Fricc my phone still sees you at the airport
Yuta Baba: Does this not update in the background?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Maybe you changed your settings such that it doesn't? Idk
Yuta Baba: Does it drain my battery tho
Daniel Strizhevsky: Idk
Yuta Baba: Changed the setting
Yuta Baba: See if this works
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Yeah I think it’s working
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Meanwhile samvrutha is chilling in the ocean
Yuta Baba reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: I actually opened the app today
Yuta Baba: But I’m going to my new place later today so that will tell us
Chris Acker: Also I’m shopping for a new shoe horn to replace that which Daniel has broken
Chris Acker: And look at this comments section
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: What are these questions lol
Yuta Baba: Also I see three questions that are the same
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Space time is everywhere can’t get away from it
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: Omg what’s available now HAHAHAHA
Samvrutha Tumuluru: They know you want it!
Yuta Baba: Nooooo
Yuta Baba: I’m not excited about it 🌚
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: New season of love is blind BTW
Daniel Strizhevsky: :o is that a new season of manifest???
Daniel Strizhevsky: Or old one
Daniel Strizhevsky: Holy cow it just came out
Daniel Strizhevsky: LETS WATCH
Yuta Baba reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Yuta Baba @Chris Acker do you guys have Solana
Chris Acker: I have like 4
Yuta Baba: Me too
Daniel Strizhevsky: sadbois
Yuta Baba: My crypto portfolio is down from $360 to $42
Yuta Baba: Should I buy some crypto now
Yuta Baba: Cuz cheeeeeeap
Yuta Baba: I feel like i should just put in like 10k and wait for it to become like 100k
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol
Chris Acker: Lol yeah but are the current coins the future or is it going to be some new thing?
Chris Acker: We still need to find what the next big thing is
Yuta Baba: Feel like ethereum is the safest bet tho
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Baba this black table lamp isn’t selling. I’m going to have to donate it :/
Yuta Baba: Okie sounds gooood
Yuta Baba: Thanks for doing this!!
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: How much did you buy your guitar for?
Yuta Baba: Hmmm
Yuta Baba: Probably like 3-400?
Yuta Baba: I don’t remember…
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Ok so their best offer was $230
Samvrutha Tumuluru: So I’ll Venmo you
Chris Acker: Whose?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Christopher will be one-upping that
Chris Acker: No sir
Chris Acker: I already have a nearly identical guitar lol
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lol babas I hope
Samvrutha Tumuluru: That would be awk if they were switched ops
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Switcherood
Chris Acker: Lolol we have a misunderstanding
Chris Acker: I was asking who was buying it
Chris Acker: But now I’m worried
Chris Acker: Mine is more brownish!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Guitar center
Chris Acker: Oh nice
Chris Acker: That was a good idea
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Holy cow they gave me cold hard cash
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Zach Gospe: 🦑
Samvrutha Tumuluru: What year is this 2004???
Chris Acker: That is full speed
Zach Gospe: That’s a real campion imo
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: What's campion
Zach Gospe: It’s a new slang term see if you can figure it out over time
Daniel Strizhevsky: Did you create it
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: Look at all these deer in my backyard
Zach Gospe: Vandy won football today. Please rejoice
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🏑
Daniel Strizhevsky: They are many!
Chris Acker: Yeah I actually watched the game with my dad
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: Crazy how many mistakes both sides made but somehow it ended in our favor lol
Chris Acker: For Dan and samvrutha: they won against Florida which is a very good team.  Last time we beat them was in the 1980s
Yuta Baba reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Holy cow are they going to be good this year
Chris Acker: They are actually looking fairly decent
Yuta Baba: Thank uuuuuuuuu
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I sold the Dyson!
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: $300
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: Holy shitt
Yuta Baba: Niceee thank uuuuu
Samvrutha Tumuluru: If I feel a fluttering in my left after drinking boba does that mean there is a bug in it
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Or is it just the effects of caffeine
Chris Acker: Bug
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I do not feel a fluttering in my right ear
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Uh oh
Daniel Strizhevsky: Probably bug
Daniel Strizhevsky: Were you near any bugs
Samvrutha Tumuluru: No I’ve been indoors :(
Daniel Strizhevsky: Have you been wearing any headphones
Chris Acker reacted with 😠
Chris Acker: Have you been listening to loud music
Samvrutha Tumuluru: No
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Not louder than normal
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Only volume level 10 in the car
Chris Acker: Probably just getting old
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Chris Acker: Just try to ignore it
Daniel Strizhevsky: If you put your finger in your ear do you feel the fluttering
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yeah
Daniel Strizhevsky: Oh then it's just twitching
Daniel Strizhevsky: Oh I mean
Daniel Strizhevsky: With your finger
Samvrutha Tumuluru: What do you mean
Daniel Strizhevsky: Can you feel it with your finger
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yeah
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok then it's just twitching
Daniel Strizhevsky: And not a bug
Daniel Strizhevsky: This used to happen to me with a specific set of headphones
Daniel Strizhevsky: Very strange
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 🦑
Chris Acker: Yeah it just happened to me yesterday after using headphones for awhile
Daniel Strizhevsky: Congrats on the world cup @Yuta Baba
Yuta Baba: Thank uuuuuu
Yuta Baba: It was a historic event for us
Chris Acker: Biggest since Colombia in 2018 right
Chris Acker: Were you watching with anyone
Yuta Baba: Yup
Yuta Baba: I was going to
Yuta Baba: And I didn’t ugh
Yuta Baba: I should have
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: 17% possession??
Chris Acker: What are you guys doing @Yuta Baba
Chris Acker: HOLY LORD
Chris Acker: 2 in a row Baba boya
Daniel Strizhevsky: Holy cow!
Daniel Strizhevsky: Is this the run???
Chris Acker: Congratulations @Yuta Baba
Chris Acker: On to the next round
Yuta Baba: Holy shit I was totally sleeping this is awesome!!!!
Yuta Baba: I missed the ones we won and I watched the one we lost
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: So sad
Samvrutha Tumuluru: RIP
Yuta Baba: I’m def watching the next round thoooooo
Chris Acker: Then you’ll lose again lolz
Chris Acker: Seems like you need to sleep to win
Yuta Baba: Yoooo don’t jinx it
Yuta Baba: I wanna watch it
Yuta Baba: But it starts at midnight
Yuta Baba: I might not watch it who knows
Yuta Baba: I’m watching jpn vs Croatia and we just scored a goal!!!
Yuta Baba: Guess we can win when I’m watching right????!!!!
Chris Acker: sorry babis
Chris Acker: apparently not
Yuta Baba: Can I cry
Chris Acker: nope
Yuta Baba: So sad
Chris Acker: the US is out also :(
Chris Acker: both eliminated in the round of 16
Yuta Baba: Apparently I wasn’t supposed to be watching the game
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: There's always the next one!
Yuta Baba: Ughhhhhhhhhh
Chris Acker: I'll be 30 years old LOL
Yuta Baba: Damn that’s something
Yuta Baba: I’ll be 29
Yuta Baba: Shit m
Yuta Baba: What the heck
Yuta Baba: We so old
Chris Acker: :(
Yuta Baba: Gotta live our lives
Yuta Baba: Gotta cherish it m
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: go to bed
Chris Acker: it's late for you
Chris Acker: 😴
Yuta Baba: It’s 3
Yuta Baba: Ugh
Yuta Baba: Cant sleep I’m sad m
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Chris Acker reacted with 😢
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🥺
Yuta Baba: Ok I’m going to sleep
Yuta Baba: Out of adrenaline
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Night night baba
Samvrutha Tumuluru: The weights have been sold baba for $45
Yuta Baba: Hell yeah this is amazing!!
Yuta Baba: Thank u thank u
Yuta Baba: Heard it’s flooding over there, you guys ok??
Yuta Baba: Also happy new year!!
Chris Acker: Yeah it’s actually been raining a lot
Chris Acker: We’ve been alright but we had a few close calls with closed roads and stuff
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Happy New Year!
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: Ok good to know!
Daniel Strizhevsky: Happy new year bubby
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: Bubby bubby bubby
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: Happy birthday bubby!!!!
Chris Acker: Frick it’s not his birthday anymore due to the time difference
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🥺
Chris Acker: Happy birthday @Yuta Baba boy
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Happy American birthday baba!
Chris Acker: @baba Did you do anything fun?
Yuta Baba: It was more of a relaxing day!  thanks for the wishes!!!
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: Fyi Dan and samvrutha are moving to New York next weekend, Zach and I are moving into our new apartment, and then on Monday I’m leaving for Finland for work
Daniel Strizhevsky: 🦑
Yuta Baba: Holy cow, everything is changing huh
Yuta Baba: Have you all find new places??
Daniel Strizhevsky: We have baba!
Yuta Baba: Nice, which areas are you guys moving to
Samvrutha Tumuluru: They are moving to the famous Radius apartments
Yuta Baba: Holy cow
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: Watch out for your Amazon packages
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Chris Acker reacted with 😢
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Once we move out I’m going to give encore 5 stars for sure
Yuta Baba: I want to as well
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: Which area in nyc are you moving to?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Upper west side
Yuta Baba: Niceeeeee
Daniel Strizhevsky: Hello @Yuta Baba
Daniel Strizhevsky: We are discussing what to do with the communal furniture we all bought
Daniel Strizhevsky: And we were thinking that me, you, and @Samvrutha sell our shares in the furniture to Chris all at a 50% discount to the purchase price
Daniel Strizhevsky: So this would be the couch and TV and tables and all that. We paid a total of ~$650 each for all the furniture, so we'd each get $325 and @Chris would just own all the furniture in full
Daniel Strizhevsky: Do you think that's reasonable or do you have any thoughts??
Yuta Baba: Sounds good to me!
Yuta Baba: Also I don’t think I got a deposit back from encore, we paid the deposit right?
Daniel Strizhevsky: We haven't gotten it back yet
Daniel Strizhevsky: But we should soon hopefully
Chris Acker: Yes you should get that soon baba boi
Chris Acker: Technically we should have paid you for that when you left but we forgot 😢
Yuta Baba reacted with 😢
Yuta Baba: No rush no rush
Daniel Strizhevsky: 🦑
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: @Yuta Baba I think this is your key
Chris Acker: From Minnesota or something
Chris Acker: Do you want me to keep it for you
Yuta Baba: Ah yes lol
Yuta Baba: Don’t think it’s mine but I’ll take it haha
Yuta Baba: Well it’s actually my friends lol
Chris Acker: Ok I will bring it to Japan 🇯🇵
Chris Acker: Baber
Chris Acker: Babi
Yuta Baba: Thank uuuuu
Daniel Strizhevsky: Babi
Yuta Baba: Babi babi
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 🦑
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Chris Acker @Yuta Baba the bane of our existence begins again
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Working hard or hardly working????
Yuta Baba reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: Holy moly new furniture
Yuta Baba: And Daniel being precise about everything hahahah
Daniel Strizhevsky: We ordered the same TV stand lol
Yuta Baba: I bought so much stuff that’s the same from redwood
Yuta Baba: Like lights
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: Plates
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah we took a lamp in our suitcase
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: We got basically the same TV too
Daniel Strizhevsky: And TV stand
Daniel Strizhevsky: Same mattress
Yuta Baba: Meee tooo
Yuta Baba: Tcl
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: But in queen
Daniel Strizhevsky: Same speakers too
Yuta Baba: I had to downgrade my bed
Daniel Strizhevsky: But upgraded desks to standing desks
Yuta Baba: It’s double
Daniel Strizhevsky: And upgraded bedframe
Yuta Baba: Me toooooo
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: How are you going to put that together without Taba’s help
Yuta Baba: Standing desk
Yuta Baba: I fly for u
Daniel Strizhevsky: We managed to put the TV stand together in just 3 hours
Yuta Baba reacted with 👏
Chris Acker reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: I was impressed with myself
Chris Acker: Verrry niiice
Yuta Baba: Give us a room your when it’s ready
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: Many train-only streets in Helsinki
Yuta Baba: No cars in Helsinki?!?!
Chris Acker: There are cars
Chris Acker: Just some streets don’t have them
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Yuta Baba: What the heck cars driving right next to pedestrians lol
Chris Acker: lol
Chris Acker: It’s a wild place
Daniel Strizhevsky: Very nice
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I’m so confused by this street design
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Is the car on the sidewalk
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Or is there no sidewalk
Chris Acker: The car is just parked in the sidewalk
Chris Acker: I’m not sure why
Yuta Baba: The lights on tho in the pic
Yuta Baba: To yo yo
Yuta Baba: Do you have any recs for good restaurants in San Mateo?
Chris Acker: Maruyama?
Yuta Baba: Any other restaurants?
Chris Acker reacted with 😠
Chris Acker: Taishoken
Chris Acker: San Mateo is very Japanese lol
Chris Acker: Curry up now is good, but that’s a chain in the Bay Area so not exactly special to San Mateo
Chris Acker: Pacific catch was okay, not one of my favorites but solid
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: One year ago todayBaba
Chris Acker: That’s a good one
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yes indeed
Daniel Strizhevsky: Also separately I'd like to remind you guys of this great soundtrack
Daniel Strizhevsky: https://youtu.be/16RBQyOj5WY
Chris Acker: HAHAHA
Chris Acker: That’s the new redwood rebel anthem
Chris Acker: Fo sho
Yuta Baba: It’s a nice photo Daniel thank uuuu
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: Did you guys see the final account and moving form sent by encore
Chris Acker: What the heck is a final utility bill
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah just saw it
Daniel Strizhevsky: It's the utilities we haven't yet paid for I guess
Chris Acker: $376 closing utility bill
Chris Acker: We’re the utilities always that much?  I forget
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah looks like it's usually ~250/mo
Daniel Strizhevsky: And this was 1.5 months
Daniel Strizhevsky: So looks reasonable
Daniel Strizhevsky: Looks basically like what I expected, except he said he usually doesn't charge for carpet cleaning lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: I guess he wasn't feeling nice this time around
Chris Acker: lol
Chris Acker: Well looks like we still owe Encore a little bit of $
Chris Acker: We owe Encore $126.32, to be exact
Chris Acker: I think we also need to consider the fact that the above-mentioned closing utilities were paid in part by Yuta's deposit, which was never paid back to him.
Yuta Baba: Excuse meeeeee
Yuta Baba: But thanks for the info
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: Yuta obviously shouldn't pay for the utilities, but I think we can all split the cleaning fees based on the proportion of time we each spent at Encore?
Yuta Baba: Agreed
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Yuta Baba: I was gonna say that
Chris Acker: So those are the proportions
Chris Acker: In # of weeks spent at Encore
Chris Acker: Pls correct me if I'm wrong
Chris Acker: Sorry months
Yuta Baba: Sounds about right
Chris Acker: not weeks :)
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Multiplied by the charges, that is the amount that each of us owe
Chris Acker: Once again, correct me if I did any math incorrectly
Chris Acker: Which means that each of us can make the following payments, one to encore, and one to yuta
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Yuta Baba sent a gif.
Chris Acker reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: count those dollas
Yuta Baba: 100 dollars big
Yuta Baba: I can survive months of Netflix subscription fee
Chris Acker: BiG Money
Yuta Baba reacted with 🤩
Yuta Baba: What happened to my stuff that was not sold?
Yuta Baba: Like my monitor?
Chris Acker: Hehe there it is
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: The big box
Chris Acker: See it :)
Yuta Baba: Oh my
Yuta Baba: You moved it?
Chris Acker: I’m planning on selling it online instead of on marketplace
Yuta Baba: Thank u
Yuta Baba: Thank u thank u
Yuta Baba: That might be better
Chris Acker: Cuz it’s getting no bits on marketplace 😢
Yuta Baba: Damn it’s a decent monitor
Chris Acker: Yeah we need to expand our market to the US rather than just Redwood City ya know
Yuta Baba: Tru tru
Yuta Baba: Thank u
Chris Acker: I’ll set that up this weekend
Chris Acker: No probs
Yuta Baba: Yeeeeeee
Yuta Baba: Rock star
Chris Acker: I’m going to visit you in Japan this year
Chris Acker: What is a good month to come
Yuta Baba: In terms of sightseeing or in terms of my schedule
Yuta Baba: ?
Yuta Baba: I’m prob busy from Feb to Apr
Chris Acker: Both, but mostly your schedule
Yuta Baba: After that I should be in a better place
Yuta Baba: Happy to do like a trip if u r down
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: THIS IS EXCITING
Chris Acker reacted with 🎆
Yuta Baba: You can stay at my place too if u want
Yuta Baba: I have two places now haha
Yuta Baba: We can choose which one we wanna use
Chris Acker: Haha Zach might be coming as well, so as long as you can fit everyone :)
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: Otherwise an Airbnb is fine with me too
Yuta Baba: I can prob fit you two in my house
Yuta Baba: In my apartment, one will get air mattress and another used a sofa
Yuta Baba: So it works
Yuta Baba: Might be a little in comfy tho
Yuta Baba: *uncomfy
Chris Acker: In your house is everyone on futon on tatami? Haha
Yuta Baba: Yes
Chris Acker: Id be down
Yuta Baba: I will need to clean up the house lol
Yuta Baba: It’s still…
Yuta Baba: Messy
Yuta Baba: Very
Chris Acker: I can help with that too!
Yuta Baba: Nah u r here for travel, no need to clean up my stuff
Chris Acker: Hey that’s my decision 😤😉
Yuta Baba: I’ll let u do whatever u want ofc hehe
Chris Acker reacted with 🙏
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Chris Acker your math looks reasonable
Daniel Strizhevsky: do you want to put the yuta payment in splitwise? and then for encore do we just pay the normal way?
Chris Acker: Is the Splitwise already paid off?  If so maybe we just Venmo?
Daniel Strizhevsky: no it's not paid off
Daniel Strizhevsky: and i wanna put the furtniture stuff in there
Daniel Strizhevsky: wait i think this doesn't add up
Daniel Strizhevsky: this says we're only paying like 39 each total, but the thingy says we each owe 50.5?
Daniel Strizhevsky: (we being you me and samvrutha)
Chris Acker: Hmm let me check
Daniel Strizhevsky: oh it might be the parking credit
Chris Acker: Wait no that’s right
Daniel Strizhevsky: that is causing the discrepancy
Chris Acker: Yeah exactly
Chris Acker: Calculating how much we all owe was just to get the proportion
Chris Acker: Of how much we each need to pay of the outstanding debts to encore and yuta
Chris Acker: I’ve invited you to the spreadsheet if you want to check
Chris Acker: Check your email
Daniel Strizhevsky: yeah it looks right i'm just slightly confused about the parking credit
Daniel Strizhevsky: but it's small enough that idk if it's worth thinking about lol
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: i guess i'll just start paying this^ ?
Daniel Strizhevsky: any last words??
Chris Acker: If you are okay about the parking credit then yes
Chris Acker: Has Samvrutha given her seal of approval
Chris Acker: And what about @Zach Gospe
Daniel Strizhevsky: samvrutha is on board
Chris Acker: Zach is playing D&D tonight
Daniel Strizhevsky: nerd lol
Chris Acker: Shall we wait for him to sign off?
Daniel Strizhevsky: sure
Yuta Baba: No rush on my end
Daniel Strizhevsky: i will get to the furniture payments later I think
Daniel Strizhevsky: as I must pack for my Rwanda trip now
Yuta Baba: Whaaaaaat u going to Rwanda
Daniel Strizhevsky: yee
Daniel Strizhevsky: tomorrow lol
Chris Acker: Good luck 🍀
Chris Acker: And have lots of fun
Chris Acker: How are you flying in
Yuta Baba: Fun fun fun
Daniel Strizhevsky: ty ty
Daniel Strizhevsky: i am going from newark via brussels
Daniel Strizhevsky: to kigali
Chris Acker: Are you going to spend any time in Brussels
Chris Acker: Or just straight to Kigali
Daniel Strizhevsky: just straight to kigali
Daniel Strizhevsky: on the way back i'm going through london and I considered doing like
Daniel Strizhevsky: a 24 hour layover
Daniel Strizhevsky: but was feeling to lazy to try to set that up lol
Yuta Baba: Dude do it
Chris Acker: Same for me when I went to Finland lol
Yuta Baba: A fun 24 hour layover
Zach Gospe: I sign off on the money you can Splitwise me or venmo me @Daniel Strizhevsky
Chris Acker: I reckoned I’d be too tired to do another trip
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😢
Yuta Baba: Speaking of trips, has anyone gone for a ski trip this season
Daniel Strizhevsky: how was this in the end
Daniel Strizhevsky: ok I will make a splitwise for the Yuta payments
Chris Acker: It was awesome!
Daniel Strizhevsky: and then we all need to separately do the Encore payments
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Yuta Baba sent a gif.
Daniel Strizhevsky: nvm I accidentally did the whole encore payment
Daniel Strizhevsky: lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: i'll just put in 2 splitwises
Chris Acker reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Chris Acker @Zach Gospe make sure you dont pay encore cause i already did
Daniel Strizhevsky: ok added 2 payments to splitwise, Kindly Confirm
Chris Acker: ✅
Daniel Strizhevsky: that they look accurate
Chris Acker: Yeah whatever
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😵‍💫
Daniel Strizhevsky: and I will do the furniture calculations in the coming week or two
Zach Gospe reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky: https://www.reddit.com/r/starterpacks/comments/10nxtqd
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: I feel personally attacked by this
Yuta Baba reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: That was my first as well 🥰
Chris Acker: Minus the broccoli, + mushrooms
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: 🍄
Yuta Baba: You do salmon too @Daniel Strizhevsky
Yuta Baba: Snowing!!
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: First snow of the year?
Yuta Baba: Yup
Yuta Baba: It doesn’t snow in Tokyo
Yuta Baba: Maybe once a year or so
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: Very nice
Yuta Baba: 🦑
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: I’ve never had to pay a fee to own a stock before
Chris Acker: Isn’t it usually the other way around? :)
Yuta Baba: Any international accounts
Yuta Baba: Not a dividend
Chris Acker: Yeah it’s being charged because NIO is not American
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Yuta Baba: I’ve been charged from other stocks before
Yuta Baba: That are international
Chris Acker: This is something that I must consider in the future
Yuta Baba: Fair fair
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Found a surprise on one of our boxes
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Chris Acker reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: What the heck is this lol
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @ZachAss care to explain
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Chris Acker did you order the glass dining table last time around? Can you send me an Amazon link to it if so
Chris Acker: https://a.co/d/hQUrfAh
Zach Gospe: I did a little trolling the last day you were packing!
Chris Acker reacted with 😆
Zach Gospe: It’s wonderful that it took so long to find
Zach Gospe: A little gift from me to you
Chris Acker: I did a little trolling as well 😉
Chris Acker: They are Easter eggs yet to be discovered
Zach Gospe reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I look forward to finding them for years to come
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ty
Chris Acker: @daniel do you think I can make buckwheat in the rice cooker
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'm not sure lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: What does the internet say
Daniel Strizhevsky: What have you guys been eating buckwheat with
Chris Acker: We’ve been eating it alone
Chris Acker: We just add soy sauce or ponzu, salt, sesame oil, and rice vinegar
Chris Acker: Today and put eggs on top
Chris Acker: I love buckwheat now
Chris Acker: I just ordered 10 more pounds on Amazon
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: From a brand called mafka
Daniel Strizhevsky: Holy cow I never thought this would happen
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol that's interesting does it go well with this
Chris Acker: Yessir, very well in my opinion
Daniel Strizhevsky: 🦑
Daniel Strizhevsky: Not bad
Daniel Strizhevsky: I am glad to have Opened a new avenue for you, so to speak
Yuta Baba: @Samvrutha Tumuluru you are not gonna believe this
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Yuta Baba: Francesca in a different dating tv show
Yuta Baba: Called perfect match
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lol i saw 😂😂😂
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I watched that show
Yuta Baba reacted with 😮
Yuta Baba: I’m shoook
Yuta Baba: So fast
Samvrutha Tumuluru: https://www.reddit.com/r/TikTokCringe/comments/11a8l4a/luxury_apartments_in_a_nutshell/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
Chris Acker: Our elevator has broken like 3 times since we moved in at radius 😭
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: And yesterday the front door to the building wasn’t unlocking so I had to go around to the back LOL
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: It’s the price we pay to live luxuriously
Samvrutha Tumuluru: lolol at least there aren't bats
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lolol
Chris Acker: No bats so far
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🥺
Chris Acker: @Yuta Baba using your snowflake mug to make some coffee
Chris Acker shared a video.
Yuta Baba: It better be some nice coffee you are making hahaha
Yuta Baba: Cuz the snowflake cup deserves that
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: Hey hey I have this Amazon gift that’s worth 25 bucks but it is only retrievable in the states
Yuta Baba: Does anyone wanna trade?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: A classic 😂 like it’s just a gift card voucher number?
Yuta Baba: Yup yup!
Yuta Baba: Wanna trade🤗🤗??????
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lol sure
Yuta Baba: Yeeeeee
Yuta Baba: Thank u
Yuta Baba: Here is the code
Yuta Baba: K7EN-8Y4S3Q-VLAV
Yuta Baba: Can you Venmo me??
Yuta Baba: Once you retrieve it?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Done!
Yuta Baba: Thank u thank u
Daniel Strizhevsky: 🦑
Chris Acker: This is some sketchy business going on in here
Yuta Baba reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👺
Yuta Baba: It was great doing business with you Samvrutha
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: @carnistopher did you get the VW GTI in rocket league
Chris Acker: Not yet but I saw that it came out :)
Daniel Strizhevsky: Will you be purchasing immediately?
Chris Acker: Not immediately, sir, no
Daniel Strizhevsky: boring
Daniel Strizhevsky: how's the nihongolist
Daniel Strizhevsky: there seems to be a bug
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Chris Acker: I started working on a different part of it :)
Chris Acker: Trying to get Japanese subtitles auto generated for videos on Crunchyroll
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: Where is the Web Site or Chrome Extension
Chris Acker: So I’m making a chrome extension
Daniel Strizhevsky: it seems you will be Competing Directly with those pesky ex-coworkers of mine
Chris Acker: I’ll beat ‘em
Chris Acker: Easy
Daniel Strizhevsky: Where is the Extension . . . ?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Where . . . ?
Chris Acker: Haha you checked
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👺
Chris Acker: up your butt
Daniel Strizhevsky: No why would it be there
Chris Acker: Yeah you’re right
Daniel Strizhevsky: at this rate I will have Bonk ready before Nihongy.io is out
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Wow you already have adds!
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: what Technology are you using for your login flow again? Google sign-on?
Chris Acker: Auth0
Daniel Strizhevsky: lol i have played this game
Daniel Strizhevsky: I was looking at Auth0 as well
Daniel Strizhevsky: but I am worried about the pricing once I surpass 7000 free monthly users
Daniel Strizhevsky: it seems everything is very expensive these days
Daniel Strizhevsky: it worries me
Chris Acker: Yeah I wansnt worrying about that yet lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: I want phone # passwordless login
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: but for that you have to use Twilio or something
Daniel Strizhevsky: and they charge almost $0.01 per text lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: which is kind of insane
Daniel Strizhevsky: have you applied for AWS credit here: https://aws.amazon.com/activate/
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Our apartment is still Untaten
Chris Acker: Untaken
Daniel Strizhevsky: holy cow
Daniel Strizhevsky: they are losing quite some $$$
Chris Acker: I thought about that
Daniel Strizhevsky: apparently you can get even more credit if you apply through some sort of sponsor/company
Chris Acker reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: like if you have a Brex credit card they say they can get you up to like $100k credits
Daniel Strizhevsky: or at least $5k
Chris Acker reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: 5k is still pretty solid lol
Chris Acker: Yeah I remember I looked at the application and decided I needed a bit More before I applied, but I forget what the exact requirements were
Chris Acker: Do you have a website yet?
Daniel Strizhevsky: no website yet
Daniel Strizhevsky: it says you should have one but I saw people on reddit say they've gotten it with no website and no MVP lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: (just $1k)
Daniel Strizhevsky: im finally buying a new laptop
Daniel Strizhevsky: if I do stuff with docker on my current laptop and put it to sleep
Daniel Strizhevsky: it stops working the next morning
Daniel Strizhevsky: and i need to restart it lol
Chris Acker: What are you getting, m2?
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'm deciding between these two
Daniel Strizhevsky: https://www.microcenter.com/product/644039/apple-macbook-pro-mkgq3ll-a-(late-2021)-142-laptop-computer-space-gray?storeid=075

or

https://www.microcenter.com/product/663046/apple-macbook-pro-mphf3ll-a-(early-2023)-142-laptop-computer-space-gray
Daniel Strizhevsky: I think M1 Pro for 1900 is better value than M2 Pro for 2300
Daniel Strizhevsky: both 1TB
Chris Acker: My m1 has served me well
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: which setup did you get again
Daniel Strizhevsky: memory/storage/cpu/gpu?
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: 1 TB
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: has 16GB of ram been enough
Chris Acker: Yeah, although I usually don’t have many tabs open on my personal
Chris Acker: So I can’t say I’ve tested the extremes
Chris Acker: But I’d be surprised if you could tell the difference between that and the 32..
Chris Acker: Didn’t think it was worth the extra couple hundred dollars
Daniel Strizhevsky: yeah probably
Daniel Strizhevsky: also I imagine the SSDs are so fast that even if you use swap it should be ok
Chris Acker reacted with 👍
Chris Acker: Dang, SVB went down
Chris Acker: Hope our companies didn’t have much in there..
Daniel Strizhevsky: I think Zipline is all good apparently
Daniel Strizhevsky: 🤞
Chris Acker: Lol my ceo just sent a slack message in our all hands channel saying we did indeed have all our funds in SVB, but they were able to move “a large segment” out yesterday so we don’t have any “immediate concerns”
Yuta Baba reacted with 😢
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😓
Chris Acker: RIP
Zach Gospe: Oh woah
Chris Acker: I need to get more serious about Jon searching lol
Chris Acker: job*
Daniel Strizhevsky: Holy cow
Daniel Strizhevsky: That is unfortunate
Chris Acker: Hi @Yuta Baba
Chris Acker: I see you lurking in here
Chris Acker: What are you doing this Sunday
Yuta Baba: Getting some brunch now hehehe
Chris Acker reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: Delicious!
Chris Acker: With whom??
Daniel Strizhevsky: Delicious!
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: Friends yo
Yuta Baba: Yum yum
Chris Acker: Work friends? 学習院 friends?
Chris Acker: We gotta know all the juicy deets brotha
Yuta Baba: Gakushuin friends lol
Chris Acker: Nice
Yuta Baba: Hahahaha
Chris Acker: Please tell them that kurisu, samburuusa and dan say hi :)
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 🙂
Yuta Baba: Will doooooo
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Bumber
Daniel Strizhevsky: Sad
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Care to charge your phone sir
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Also this is really sad
Chris Acker: @Daniel Strizhevsky@Samvrutha TumuluruWhere did you guys get your bloodwork done over here? Were you able to schedule physicals somewhere?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: One medical
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Chris Acker reacted with 👍
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Look how low to the ground this rainbow is
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: I’m rwc
Chris Acker: In*
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Oh my
Daniel Strizhevsky: A Fantastical experience!
Daniel Strizhevsky: It is time
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: My old lappy is coming to an end
Chris Acker: Why could this not happen while we were living together lol
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: I don’t know why but I feel like it would have improved my quality of living
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: Probably lol
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: It's so cute and small
Chris Acker: That stupid arrow key
Chris Acker: Oh you got the 15 inch
Daniel Strizhevsky: 14
Chris Acker: Very interesting
Daniel Strizhevsky: It's already not working
Chris Acker: What happened
Daniel Strizhevsky: Nvm just took a while
Chris Acker: Ok
Daniel Strizhevsky: Wasn't connecting to wifi
Chris Acker: Which one did you go with
Daniel Strizhevsky: And not telling me anything
Chris Acker: M2 or M1
Daniel Strizhevsky: M1
Chris Acker: Nice
Chris Acker: We are brothers in Arms
Chris Acker: Get it?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Oh ha ha
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yeah somehow I feel my life is better off now
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lol we should’ve started a support group for those who feel victimized by Daniel’s laptop
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: New love is blind season just dropped Baba
Yuta Baba: Holy cow
Samvrutha Tumuluru: And there is a VERY clear villain edit
Yuta Baba: Haven’t even watched season 3
Samvrutha Tumuluru: You are gonna eat it up
Yuta Baba: Yoooooo
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Friccc
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Can you catch up
Yuta Baba: Need to watch it
Yuta Baba: HAHAHAHAHA
Yuta Baba: will do
Chris Acker: This was the fastest conversation I’ve ever seen
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: lol
Yuta Baba: Tagging is powerful
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: You can’t sleep on LIB. It requires IMMEDIATE attention
Yuta Baba: I’m so behind on all the reality tv show
Yuta Baba: S
Yuta Baba: I’m on a ski trip btw
Chris Acker reacted with 😮
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Pics!
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Zach Gospe: @snabrutha thunder tunumuru  I’m gonna watch it too after seeing your excitement
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Zach Gospe: (Though probably not immediately)
Yuta Baba: Will do will do
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: You set the nickname for Daniel Strizhevsky to striz.
Chris Acker: You set the nickname for Samvrutha Tumuluru to snabrutha.
Chris Acker: You set the nickname for Yuta Baba to yytaba.
Chris Acker: You set the nickname for Zach Gospe to slackA$$.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Be warned it is still trash tv! Just highly entertaining
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lolol a nickname update is underway I see
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Chris Acker reacted with 🏔
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Stormy day!
Chris Acker: Very nice!
Yuta Baba: Yo the quality of snow is so good
Samvrutha Tumuluru: The manipulation is soooo unreal
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Baba skip season 3 jump to 4
Yuta Baba reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Like there are this season is wild
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Zach Gospe it will make you sad
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Because there are these two mean girls
Zach Gospe reacted with 😮
Samvrutha Tumuluru: And they are like crazy
Zach Gospe: Nooo the meanness may be too much
Zach Gospe: On a scale of nice to Nathan for you where do they fall?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: They are like straight up two faced
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Like act one way to people’s faces and then bully behind their backs
Zach Gospe: Gross
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Holy cow this is a train wreck
Daniel Strizhevsky: Happy 3/30 everybody!
Daniel Strizhevsky: Aka 3:30
Daniel Strizhevsky: Aka happy birthday @carnistopher !!!
Chris Acker: Thank you!
Zach Gospe: 🦑
Zach Gospe: 🦑
Chris Acker: Happy my birthday to you as well sir.  Have a wonderful 3:30 everyone
Zach Gospe: Wooohooo! Happy 27 you buh
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Happy birthday! Thank you for joining me in the old age club 🥕🥕🥕🥕🥕🥕🥕
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Did you know today also happens to be Rama Navami a festival which celebrates the birthday of Lord Ram, the seventh avatar of Vishnu
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: Oh it’s no coincidence 😉
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: Haaaapppy birthday!!!!!
Yuta Baba: From 3/31 aka the future
Chris Acker: What’s it like
Yuta Baba: So bright
Chris Acker reacted with 🤩
Yuta Baba: The lights are so bright at night
Yuta Baba: Welcome to Tokyo sir
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: The company news is mixed in with my birthday lol
Yuta Baba reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Look how large this man’s D20 is
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Chris Acker reacted with 😮
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: How is your MacBook treating you, @striz
Daniel Strizhevsky: pretty good so far
Chris Acker: What are your top 10 favorite things about it
Daniel Strizhevsky: 1. 120 hz display
2. very fast
3. good battery life
4. nice braided charging cable
5. small bezels
6. a fun and friendly, yet satisfying, shape
7. lack of a touchbar
8. a Fresh start to use Good software and Tools!
9. very quiet and runs cool
10. usb c ports
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: and yourself?
Chris Acker: 1. Almost no fan noise or overheating issues
2. Good feeling Keyboard 
3. Nice shape and smooth, shiny finish
4. Smooth opening/closing mechanism
5. Sound keyboard makes
6. Built-in hdmi port
7. Magnetic charging port
8. Good speakers 
9. Good microphone 
10. Toughness - I’ve literally stepped on it multiple times and it’s still goin
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: @Daniel Strizhevsky was samovar in Mountain View your Russian store?
Chris Acker: Skylo is moving next door to that one
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah
Daniel Strizhevsky: Holy cow
Daniel Strizhevsky: So many pelmeni for you
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Chris Acker: @Daniel Strizhevskywhy does Yuta have a Robinhood feature that I do not
Yuta Baba: Chris doesn’t have this is robinhood doing an ab testing
Yuta Baba: I have had this feature for a while
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol I've had this for well over a year I think
Daniel Strizhevsky: Idk why you don't
Daniel Strizhevsky: Is your app updated
Yuta Baba reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: What the heck
Chris Acker: I have the latest version but I don’t have that
Chris Acker: Do they give gold members fewer features?
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: Maybe you have to opt in somewhere
Daniel Strizhevsky: Or get the beta or something
Daniel Strizhevsky: Idl
Daniel Strizhevsky: Idk
Daniel Strizhevsky: I find it hard to believe they'd ab test this for a year lol
Chris Acker: How is Hawaii
Daniel Strizhevsky: Pretty good so far the airbnb is nice
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: There's a cool hill/mountain in the distance
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: Nice!
Daniel Strizhevsky: We booked a vaccine for tomorrow lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: But were gonna try to see if we can get one today even
Chris Acker: Oh wow
Chris Acker: That would be nice indeed
Daniel Strizhevsky: Indeed
Daniel Strizhevsky: Which vaccine are you getting again
Chris Acker: I don’t have plans yet
Chris Acker: Hopefully not J&J
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: @Daniel Strizhevsky and @Samvrutha Tumuluru question for u
Yuta Baba: Would you add ketchup in your ham sandwich?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Neither of us eat ham sandwiches unfortunately
Daniel Strizhevsky: I often eat turkey sandwiches, is that similar enough
Daniel Strizhevsky: Or unrelated
Yuta Baba: Yes let’s go with turkey sandwiches
Daniel Strizhevsky: Hmm
Chris Acker: Samvrutha is a vegetarian so
Daniel Strizhevsky: I've never tried with ketchup, I feel like it would be kinda weird but would be willing to try it
Chris Acker: She does not get a say unfortunately lol
Yuta Baba: Chris and I had a heated discussion on this yesterday
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: It wasn’t heated
Daniel Strizhevsky: What were the two sides
Yuta Baba: Yes it was
Chris Acker: Because I knew I was correct
Chris Acker: Ketchup does not go on cold cuts
Chris Acker: Of any kind
Chris Acker: It never has
Yuta Baba: Mainly Chris judging me for adding ketchup in sandwiches
Chris Acker: And it likely never will
Yuta Baba: And I looked up a poll on google and only 4 ppl out 54 add ketchup
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: So def minority
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah I usually do mustard on mine
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'd like horseradish on it as well
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: Mustard is a must for me too
Daniel Strizhevsky: But I don't usually have horseradish on me
Yuta Baba: It was “either ketchup or mayo discussion”
Yuta Baba: @Chris Acker Im making sandwiches rn
Yuta Baba: One will have ketchup and the other mayo
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Yuta Baba: Let’s see which one is better
Chris Acker: Kk
Yuta Baba: Ok results are in
Yuta Baba: Mayo is better
Chris Acker reacted with 👍
Chris Acker: Welcome
Chris Acker: To being a normal person 😊
Yuta Baba: Can’t believe I was eating sandwiches w ketchup on for more than a year
Chris Acker reacted with 😢
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I have never had a ham sandwich but in general I don’t put ketchup on my sandwiches
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I do like the combo of Mayo + hot sauce
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I sometimes eat my pizza with ketchup
Chris Acker: That’s pretty weird as well
Chris Acker: But not as weird as putting it on a cold cut
Yuta Baba reacted with 😢
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: If the pizza is well sauced it isn’t necessary I feel
Samvrutha Tumuluru: But I like the cold tomato with the hot tomato taste
Yuta Baba: Ok admit I was a weirdo...
Chris Acker: Ye ye
Chris Acker: No worries
Chris Acker: As long as you understand
Chris Acker: Are you gonna live with us????
Yuta Baba: Yeah I’m excited for tmrs lunch
Chris Acker: Have you decided?
Yuta Baba: I get to eat sandwiches w mayo
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: Oh lol not yet
Yuta Baba: I’m very tempted
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: alright
Daniel Strizhevsky: it's time to buy some houses
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Yuta Baba ready?
Yuta Baba: Damn @Daniel Strizhevsky lol
Chris Acker: @Yuta Baba do you know when you will be able to move in to a new apartment?
Chris Acker: Like in terms of getting off your current lease
Yuta Baba: So I think I’m having that convo with the landlord soon so will see
Yuta Baba: The thing is I don’t have a contract w them this year so I feel kike I can just leave
Yuta Baba: But maybe not I’m not sure
Yuta Baba: As I’m on a visa I don’t want to cause any issues with law
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a sticker.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Will late may be too early for you? Or is that possible
Yuta Baba: What do u mean
Yuta Baba: Oh late May
Daniel Strizhevsky: yeah
Yuta Baba: That’s prob too early
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😢
Yuta Baba: Idk
Daniel Strizhevsky: i will need an apartment on may 22 :(
Yuta Baba: Can you do Airbnb?
Yuta Baba: My Neighborhood has some openings if u r interested
Yuta Baba: The same landlord and it can be very hot in summer
Yuta Baba: And far from the station
Yuta Baba: But they’ll lower the price for sure
Daniel Strizhevsky: i can do airbnb in theory but then i'd need to decide like today lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: cause i think there are starting to be very few airbnbs
Daniel Strizhevsky: + expensive
Daniel Strizhevsky: so i'd prefer not to airbnb
Yuta Baba: Yeah makes sense
Yuta Baba: @Chris Acker can you move like next month tho
Chris Acker: Yeah I just pay month-to-month so I was planning on moving out in May
Yuta Baba: Okie okie
Chris Acker: Ask your landlord!
Yuta Baba: I’ll need to talk w the landlord
Chris Acker reacted with 👍
Yuta Baba: Ya
Yuta Baba: Do we have an estimate of the place and budget for the house?
Yuta Baba: I know we are still looking but I kinda want to get a sense of what we are aiming at
Daniel Strizhevsky: redwood city, preferably very close to caltrain
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky: budget is a good q, i think 3BR apartments go for like 5-6k and homes might be more like 4-5k
Chris Acker reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky: also 3Ba if possible would add a lot of cost lol
Yuta Baba: Three bedrooms are hard to find tbh
Yuta Baba: https://www.apartments.com/radius-redwood-city-ca/vpq9t8f/
Yuta Baba shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: yeah
Yuta Baba: This looks like a good one
Daniel Strizhevsky: there's also Encore
Daniel Strizhevsky: better rated on google maps lol
Yuta Baba: Yeah that’s the best one I can find in a quick search
Yuta Baba: Yeah I’m shooting for 1.5k max hopefully so it is in my price range
Chris Acker: Oh that might me tough tho lol
Chris Acker: Idk but Dan and samvrutha would be sharing a room so they wouldn’t be paying as much
Daniel Strizhevsky: yeah we can discuss price splitting
Chris Acker: I was expecting to pay more like 1700 to be honest
Yuta Baba: Oh
Daniel Strizhevsky: i think it depends how cheap the place would be
Yuta Baba: Tru tru
Daniel Strizhevsky: but i was thinking it would be somewhere between 25/25/25/25 and 16.6/16.6/33/33 depending on the place
Daniel Strizhevsky: what did we do last time like 19/19/32/36 or something like that?
Daniel Strizhevsky: that doesn't add up lol oops
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Yuta Baba are you sure you didn't mean 1.5m max with that snowflake money ;)
Daniel Strizhevsky: i assume the "k" was a typo :D
Yuta Baba: Oh gosh no I haven’t even sold one share of snowflake stocks lol
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: is it still locked up
Yuta Baba: Nope
Daniel Strizhevsky: :O :O just a long-term believer?
Yuta Baba: I’m not supposed to say that sorry I’m an insider lol
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: ok putting all money in snowflake now, ty
Daniel Strizhevsky: jk jk :D
Yuta Baba: I mean compared to December the price is much better to enter now
Yuta Baba: It’s just the public opinion
Daniel Strizhevsky: true true
Daniel Strizhevsky: didn't @Chris Acker buy a lot at the top lol
Yuta Baba: I’m sure he’s on red rn
Yuta Baba: Cuz it ranked by like 45% or so lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: anyway back to housing
Yuta Baba: Wait for the lockup period to be over before buying any IPO stocks
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Yuta Baba: Ya
Daniel Strizhevsky: if we can find something in the <=5k range, i think that woudl fit your budget
Yuta Baba: That would be personally great if u guys are ok with it
Daniel Strizhevsky: is it a hard 1.5k or more like ~1.5k lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: cause it may be really hard to find a 3br under 5k
Daniel Strizhevsky: i'm all for spending less lol but the chances are slim
Yuta Baba: Around 1.5k
Daniel Strizhevsky: also does that include utilities or just rent
Yuta Baba: But I don’t see the point of paying more than 1.7k
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Yuta Baba: Just the rent
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a sticker.
Yuta Baba: But including the utilities would be great as well
Daniel Strizhevsky: now if you and chris want to share a room ;) we can get it down to <1k/person :D
Yuta Baba: Sorry sorry my budget is p right now appreciate ur understanding
Yuta Baba: Oh no offense but pls no
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Chris Acker reacted with 👍
Yuta Baba: Lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: no problem lol
Yuta Baba: We are not at college anymore
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: ok let me do a bit of digging around but
Daniel Strizhevsky: yeah
Daniel Strizhevsky: actually there might be a 2br with loft too i think
Daniel Strizhevsky: if you want to have a loft to save money
Daniel Strizhevsky: lol we'll see
Daniel Strizhevsky: 3Brs are unfortunately pretty expensive so we'll see whether it'll work with your budget
Daniel Strizhevsky: but we can try
Yuta Baba: Yeah thank u thank u
Yuta Baba: I mean worst comes to worst I can handle it but I don’t want to set the bar high from the beginning
Daniel Strizhevsky: right
Yuta Baba: One another thing I wanted to discuss is if I can’t move in late May or early June what can we do?
Yuta Baba: Bc I don’t want my current housemates to cover the fee
Yuta Baba: Still need to have a conversation with the landlord but any ideas?
Daniel Strizhevsky: then I'd just get an airbnb, but i'm not sure if there are any available anymore lol so let me see
Daniel Strizhevsky: but in that case i'd want confirmation like today or tomorrow
Daniel Strizhevsky: cause i'd have to act fast
Samvrutha Tumuluru: My only requests are <= 0.5 miles from caltrain closer the better. And I would generally like a place that is very sunny. Seems like I may be forced to WFH 2 days a week so I need sunlight
Yuta Baba: Right makes sense
Daniel Strizhevsky: btw yuta would you consider a 2br + loft to save cost?
Daniel Strizhevsky: if it's significantly cheaper?
Daniel Strizhevsky: (like what chris had last year)
Daniel Strizhevsky: that's an option here: https://www.201marshall.com/floorplans.aspx
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: (this place is also 6 weeks free and 100 feet from caltrain)
Daniel Strizhevsky: so it is likely really really cheap
Daniel Strizhevsky: also also one note
Daniel Strizhevsky: if you're trying to decide between late may or later, even outside of my own bias
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I personally like lofted apartments cause the living room is very sunny and friendly
Samvrutha Tumuluru: But you would have to be ok with having a makeshift wall
Daniel Strizhevsky: prices are going up (theyve gone up $100/month since i looked a few days ago) and i think they will continue to do so until august
Daniel Strizhevsky: so a place in july or august will probably cost a lot more
Samvrutha Tumuluru: We try to be respectful of the lofted persons bedtime though
Yuta Baba: Let’s do 3 br lol
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Chris Acker: Yeah I wouldn’t do lofted again
Daniel Strizhevsky: what if it was like 1.1k ;)
Daniel Strizhevsky: or 1k
Chris Acker: Wouldn’t do
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😢
Chris Acker: I make money for a reason lol
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: Yeah let’s not do it then
Yuta Baba: Lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: ok then to be honest
Daniel Strizhevsky: our options are like
Daniel Strizhevsky: either Encore/Radius
Daniel Strizhevsky: or hope to find something decent on craiglist
Daniel Strizhevsky: i think that's it
Daniel Strizhevsky: but @Yuta Baba and @Chris Acker would need to also confirm about sharing a bathroom
Daniel Strizhevsky: cause we won't be able to find a 3br/3ba
Samvrutha Tumuluru: ^This is true
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I wouldd prefer encore over radius
Daniel Strizhevsky: https://www.trulia.com/p/ca/redwood-city/558-james-ave-redwood-city-ca-94062--2220480200

this is actually quite a good option
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: https://www.trulia.com/p/ca/redwood-city/508-chestnut-st-redwood-city-ca-94063--1150912458

and this is an alright (but cheap) option too
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Chris Acker: I’m okay with bathroom sharing
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Yuta Baba when do you think you'll have the talk with your landlord?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: 2nd one is a little further than I would prefer
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Also kitchen in second one sucks no space at all for prep
Daniel Strizhevsky: i wonder if encore has like a month off deal or something like that, they said call to ask for specials
Samvrutha Tumuluru: If they have a deal then that would be great then it meets all requirements
Yuta Baba: Ya I’d be fine sharing a bathroom
Chris Acker: Also because samvrutha would not be joining immediately we'd have to share the price of the house between the 3 of us at first
Yuta Baba: Let me tak with the landlord but not sure when he’s gon get back
Chris Acker: for one or two months depending on when samvrutha comes
Chris Acker: assuming we move in may
Yuta Baba: That’s fine
Yuta Baba: Also ill be gone for like 2 months this year
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I'm targeting coming back beginning of August
Yuta Baba: I’ll be flying back to jpn and stay w my parents for 2 months
Samvrutha Tumuluru: So you can assume I will pay august rent
Yuta Baba: But I’ll pay the rent don’t worry
Yuta Baba: But just a FYI
Daniel Strizhevsky: can i come
Daniel Strizhevsky: for like 1 month maybe
Daniel Strizhevsky: :)
Yuta Baba: I’d u want to yes
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: Not sure if I can let u stay at my parents house tho
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😢
Yuta Baba: My mom has been a little ill
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😢
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Daniel Strizhevsky: I hope she feels better!
Yuta Baba: And not sure if we can host u for a long period
Yuta Baba: Yeah thank u
Daniel Strizhevsky: i will stay in a love hotel
Chris Acker reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: I’m flying back to see her
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru: No not allowed
Yuta Baba: But u can stay for like a week for sure!!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: The love hotel not you flying to see your family of course
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: dan, you and me in a love hotel in japan
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👎
Chris Acker: let's do it
Daniel Strizhevsky: im down
Yuta Baba: Can I join too
Chris Acker: no u need to be with your mom
Chris Acker: sorry
Yuta Baba: Wow
Yuta Baba: I’m offended
Yuta Baba: It’s ok I’ll stay in a different room
Chris Acker: fine u can stay a few nights
Yuta Baba: Yayyyyyyyy
Daniel Strizhevsky: do you think this will be like days? or weeks
Yuta Baba: Hopefully days
Yuta Baba: But who knows
Daniel Strizhevsky: what's the worst case?
Yuta Baba: I’d I don’t hear back for two days I’ll reach out to a different person
Daniel Strizhevsky: like if he says no, when can you move?
Yuta Baba: There are multiple options
1. Best case: I can move out anytime and no additional cost to my housemates which is highly unlikely
2. They allow me to sublet my current room
3. Worst case: contract is a contract and I have to pay until August.
Yuta Baba: Well worst comes to worst I’ll pay to both my current rent and the new rent which is like a lot but I’ll suck it up
Daniel Strizhevsky: nah that would suck lol let's not do that
Daniel Strizhevsky: hmm
Daniel Strizhevsky: if it was option 2, do you think you'd be able to do that by late may/early june?
Yuta Baba: That’s my hope if I can find someone
Daniel Strizhevsky: or do you think that would take a while
Yuta Baba: Idk
Yuta Baba: But if I have to pay two rents for just a month that’s not the worst thing
Daniel Strizhevsky: if it's for a couple weeks tbh i'd rather just pitch in for part of your rent than get an airbnb
Daniel Strizhevsky: because the airbnb I would've booked is already gone lol and i think any reasonable one would cost 2.3k+ for me
Yuta Baba: That’s totally fair and I really appreciate that
Yuta Baba: Let me shoot an email to the landlord and if I don’t here back for like a couple of days I will reach out to a different person
Chris Acker: yeah i can pitch in as well in that worst case
Yuta Baba: Will keep u posted
Daniel Strizhevsky: also - what part of august? would it be aug 1 or late august
Yuta Baba: Thank u thank u
Daniel Strizhevsky: if it ends up option 3
Yuta Baba: Late August
Yuta Baba: But hey I don’t think that will happen
Daniel Strizhevsky: i see
Daniel Strizhevsky: yeah hopefully not
Daniel Strizhevsky: ok for decision making let's do this:
Daniel Strizhevsky: if it's option 3 i think that just won't work out tbh because then samvrutha wouldn't have a place by the time she comes back and that would be too many moving parts
Chris Acker: hmm dan and i could also airbnb the room out or something for a few months...
Daniel Strizhevsky: if it's option 1 OR option 2, i think we can work out something that starts late may and just mess around with pricing for a couple weeks if needed
Yuta Baba: Can you give me this week to sort it out?
Daniel Strizhevsky: or this yeah, but is most likely not legal, or very difficult to set up
Daniel Strizhevsky: yeah
Daniel Strizhevsky: i guess just from my end, i think i'm going to commit to NOT getting a temporary airbnb
Daniel Strizhevsky: and we'll search for both 3br and 2br for now just to be safe
Daniel Strizhevsky: and then hopefully book something once you decide
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Not option 2 whatever in worst case if needed I too can pitch in
Yuta Baba: Yeah sounds good to me and thank u all
Chris Acker: yeah i agree, if it's option 3 i don't think this will work and we'll have to DROP yuta
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😢
Daniel Strizhevsky: yeet
Chris Acker: let's hope for 1 or 2! lol
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Yuta Baba: Yeah I agree
Yuta Baba: With what Chris said
Samvrutha Tumuluru: wow that's the firstt prooper usage of yeet in a long time
Yuta Baba: Or I suck it up and pay both rents
Yuta Baba: Well see
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yuta will indeed get yeeted
Yuta Baba: I’d u give me alocohol I would be down tbh lol
Yuta Baba: Jk
Yuta Baba: I’m not alcoholic just to be clear lol
Chris Acker: lol alcohol would be on me
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Noted if we give him drinks we can throw him out of whatever upper story window we want
Yuta Baba: LOL
Chris Acker: i guess you could do that, but I would feel bad lol
Chris Acker: especially after you capped rent at 1500 lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: also IMO if encore has 1 month off, i'm basically down to just ge tit
Daniel Strizhevsky: because that would be a reasonable price and pretty nice place
Daniel Strizhevsky: only downside is 0.5 miles from caltrain and it's on a huge road
Samvrutha Tumuluru: inappropriate. Please wash out your mouth
Samvrutha Tumuluru: This is true walk to train station is not ideal
Samvrutha Tumuluru: but hopefully distance means it will not be loud af during the week
Chris Acker: .5 miles = exercise = weight loss
Daniel Strizhevsky: do british websites use biscuits?
Yuta Baba reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: is that a dad joke
Daniel Strizhevsky: yes
Chris Acker: i like it, thank you
Daniel Strizhevsky: you are welcome
Samvrutha Tumuluru: This is true. Though I could get my weightloss from CHLOETING which only takes 10 mins of HIGH INTENSITY interval training instead
Samvrutha Tumuluru: But I see your point
Yuta Baba: Okay great news
Yuta Baba: Turned out I’m on a monthly contract so I can leave at the end of May
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: I’m negotiating the option 1 but will see
Chris Acker reacted with 👍
Yuta Baba: Ok I need to find someone to take my room
Yuta Baba: If u all know anyone or spread the words that would be much appreciated!
Yuta Baba: Will send u more information later
Yuta Baba: Bout my house
Chris Acker: Put it up on Facebook!
Chris Acker: That’s how we do it at my house
Chris Acker: Have done it many times
Yuta Baba: Yeah I have some fb groups but do u know any groups that are good
Chris Acker: I’ll send you some
Yuta Baba: Thank u thank u
Yuta Baba: I am really hoping I don’t have to cover my current rent until August
Daniel Strizhevsky: wait so first they said you can leave in end of may but then they said you need to find someone? lol
Yuta Baba: I can leave in May but I have a verbal agreement with my housemates until August
Daniel Strizhevsky: ah ok
Yuta Baba: Cuz the price for the whole house won’t change
Daniel Strizhevsky: got it
Daniel Strizhevsky: we should call Encore today btw and ask if they have any 1-month discounts or anything
Daniel Strizhevsky: i can do it after 4pm
Daniel Strizhevsky: unless anyone can earlier
Chris Acker: Please go ahead and do that Daniel
Yuta Baba: Which one is encore can u send me the link again
Chris Acker: I sent you the link in our private chat I think
Chris Acker: To the excel sheet
Chris Acker: Which has the link to encore
Yuta Baba: Ah
Yuta Baba: Smart
Yuta Baba: The spreadsheet says no availability tho
Yuta Baba: Is it available now?
Daniel Strizhevsky: https://www.encoreredwoodcity.com/floor-plans/
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: there's on available now, we'd probably have to find the next available one since it's too early
Chris Acker: Apartments in California are taken within like a week of coming on the market
Chris Acker: Sometimes faster
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Yuta Baba: Oh ok
Yuta Baba: Yeah I’d be down for encore
Daniel Strizhevsky: actually, might be tough
Daniel Strizhevsky: it says there's one other place
Daniel Strizhevsky: and it's available 6/07
Daniel Strizhevsky: so if that means everything else that pops up will be after 6/07
Daniel Strizhevsky: taht would suck
Daniel Strizhevsky: we'll need to keep a close eye
Yuta Baba: I mean I don’t mind paying for May if necessary
Yuta Baba: If everyone like encore
Yuta Baba: Likes*
Chris Acker: Should we just pay for may to lock it in?
Yuta Baba: Ya
Chris Acker: Thoughts @Daniel Strizhevsky?
Yuta Baba: Or I can stay at my house for another month and pay a lower rent
Yuta Baba: Up to u
Daniel Strizhevsky: let's call and ask first
Yuta Baba reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky: about specials + any estimates on availability
Chris Acker: Yeah definitely call first
Daniel Strizhevsky: tbh if there's stuff in early june i'd probably rather just get an airbnb for 2 weeks
Daniel Strizhevsky: but yeah let's see
Yuta Baba: Well that’s actually important cuz that’s gon decide what to write in housing groups
Yuta Baba: So let’s call today and gather information and make moves
Daniel Strizhevsky: ok
Daniel Strizhevsky: and will one of you be able to visit and see if the location is ok? that's my main worry
Daniel Strizhevsky: since it's on a large street and like 0.5 miles from downtown
Daniel Strizhevsky: i think our san mateo place was decent but closer to downtown is better, and this place is a bit further
Daniel Strizhevsky: (only a minute or two)
Daniel Strizhevsky: i'd definitely want someone to see it in person before we commit
Chris Acker: Yeah do they have open tours
Daniel Strizhevsky: yeah i think so
Chris Acker: And do they operate on weekends
Daniel Strizhevsky: i'll ask when i call
Yuta Baba sent a sticker.
Daniel Strizhevsky: yeah saturday 9-6 i believe
Yuta Baba: I can also go to the neighborhood and check
Yuta Baba: It will be a long walk but ok
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: 🚴
Yuta Baba: My bike has flat tires
Yuta Baba: Or just lack of air
Yuta Baba: And I don’t have a pump
Yuta Baba: We can schedule one to go too @Chris Acker
Yuta Baba: But not this weekend
Yuta Baba: I’m hella busy
Yuta Baba: And prob not next Saturday it’s 5/1 and we have a reporting duty lol
Chris Acker: Okay it looks like I will be visiting lol
Yuta Baba: I mean the tour tho
Yuta Baba: I can take a walk to there
Chris Acker: I don’t think we can wait that long before decking
Chris Acker: Deciding
Yuta Baba: If the tour is like 30 min I guess I can do tmr
Yuta Baba: But not 5/1
Yuta Baba: It’s the end of quarter stuff...
Daniel Strizhevsky: btw we don't need to discuss the full details of pricing right now, but last time we split rent 21/21/27/31 with 4 people in the 2br+loft (and i think we split utilities 25/25/25/25?) - it would depend on how nice everyone's rooms and stuff are this time around, but are we all comfortable with something fairly similar?
Daniel Strizhevsky: e.g. if samvrutha+my room is like huge and has 2 bathrooms and closets or something we'd pay more than that, if it's like really tiny or something it woudl be less
Daniel Strizhevsky: but in that general range
Daniel Strizhevsky: and of course depends on how your two rooms cmopare
Yuta Baba: Yeah I think it makes sense
Yuta Baba: Encore is about 5k I’m all good!
Yuta Baba: Prob it’ll something be like 20/20/30/30 idk but will see
Daniel Strizhevsky: yeah assuming you pay like 28-29%, that would exactly meet you 1.5k budget lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: and if we get a 1 month off, that'll be really nice
Yuta Baba: Tru tru
Daniel Strizhevsky: i'm really hoping for that 1 month off
Daniel Strizhevsky: since most places are doing it
Yuta Baba: Me too
Yuta Baba: We can negotiate maybe?
Daniel Strizhevsky: i hope so, but unlikely with these big complexes
Yuta Baba reacted with 😢
Chris Acker: Yeah probably not unfortunately
Chris Acker: Idk, with Covid they might be more desperate but
Daniel Strizhevsky: true
Yuta Baba: We’ll see
Daniel Strizhevsky: also good-ish news, you can rent up to 2 weeks in advance, so worst case we could rent for may 7th
Yuta Baba: Maybe find a close place where they have one month off and use that as a negotiation icee
Daniel Strizhevsky: not like april 23rd lol
Yuta Baba: Goooood
Daniel Strizhevsky: also one more option lol
Chris Acker reacted with 😮
Daniel Strizhevsky: is if we get one more friend and get adjacent 2BRs in 201 Marshall or Huxley
Chris Acker: What are the chances we can get adjacent units lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: i guess it doesn't have to be adjacent adjacent
Daniel Strizhevsky: just nearby
Daniel Strizhevsky: just something to think about
Daniel Strizhevsky: in case we visit and see this place is way too far from downtown
Daniel Strizhevsky: or they don't have 1mo off
Daniel Strizhevsky: any questions for me to ask encore?
Daniel Strizhevsky: apart from what i'm already gonna ask
Daniel Strizhevsky: lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: they didnt pick up i left a voicemail
Yuta Baba: When we can move in
Chris Acker: Parking fees?
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Yuta Baba: Prob parking for Chris
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a sticker.
Yuta Baba: Yeah I was gon say that
Chris Acker: Daniel and samvrutha have a car as well
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Yuta Baba: Oh is that just me
Yuta Baba: Lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: so 2 parking spots
Daniel Strizhevsky: right?
Chris Acker: Yeah
Daniel Strizhevsky: unless yuta you plan on carring it up
Daniel Strizhevsky: i'll ask how much utilities usually cost too
Yuta Baba: Well since u guys have a car I won’t prob need one
Daniel Strizhevsky: oh i thought on our yosemite/tahoe trips we'd go in 4 separate cars
Chris Acker: @Yuta Baba it will be hard to move to SF once you have a car because parking is no less than $400 per month in the city
Daniel Strizhevsky: for more Freedom
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: 🦅
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: Tru
Daniel Strizhevsky: tbh maybe 8 cars
Daniel Strizhevsky: i'd prefer to drive a different car there than back
Daniel Strizhevsky: downhill roads are to be enjoyed differently from uphill roads
Chris Acker: Oh wow that is excessive
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I already own 16 cars im happy to share one of 8 of my medium favorite cars with @Yuta Baba
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: I only buy a new car when I run out of gas
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: Let me know when u run out Gad cuz I can buy ur old car and wash it very hard
Daniel Strizhevsky: ok so
Daniel Strizhevsky: no good news unfortunately
Daniel Strizhevsky: maybe semi-good news
Daniel Strizhevsky: there's no 1 month off
Daniel Strizhevsky: they can either give us $1000 off if we move in within 2 weeks, or they can actually give us a May 22nd move in date (but no $1k off)
Daniel Strizhevsky: parking unfortunately is tandem spot only (what we had at metropolitan with freddie), and is $150/mo
Daniel Strizhevsky: there are 10 3BRs and he doesn't know if any new ones will show up
Daniel Strizhevsky: he also mentioned that this one has been on the market for a month though lol
Chris Acker: Wtf lol
Chris Acker: Why isn’t it being taken
Chris Acker: Tandem is kind of sucky but whatever
Daniel Strizhevsky: tandem is quite bad lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: do you plan on driving or caltraining to work?
Daniel Strizhevsky: cause if you're driving tandem will be kind of a dealbreaker
Daniel Strizhevsky: he also said there's street parking and it's hit or miss
Chris Acker: I would be driving
Chris Acker: I wouldn’t say thats a dealbreaker tho
Chris Acker: We can plan the morning
Chris Acker: I’m sure one of us will always leave before the other
Chris Acker: Or we can just leave at the same time like good friends
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I would not say deal breaker
Daniel Strizhevsky: what time do you plan on leaving work usually?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I think depends on who is leaving first
Daniel Strizhevsky: leaving for work*
Samvrutha Tumuluru: You just park in order
Daniel Strizhevsky: also depends who comes home first
Yuta Baba: Wait dan r u driving to work
Yuta Baba: Thought ur taking cal train
Daniel Strizhevsky: i'm not 100% sure yet
Daniel Strizhevsky: the tandem spot it also a stack
Daniel Strizhevsky: so someone would have to leave first and come back last
Daniel Strizhevsky: and the other leave last and come back first
Chris Acker: What if we have each other an extra key and we can always move the other persons car lol
Chris Acker: Give*
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I would say the parking spot being a deal breaker is a bit much
Samvrutha Tumuluru: If we had a lot more options then sure
Yuta Baba: That’s kinda annoying
Daniel Strizhevsky: fine i'll say not dealbreaker but it's a major inconvenience i'd say
Samvrutha Tumuluru: But due to all our restrictions it’s the smallest concession
Yuta Baba: I’m not gon saying on this as I don’t have a car
Daniel Strizhevsky: if we have to switch every single day
Yuta Baba: And sounds like I shouldn’t buy a car for this year
Chris Acker reacted with 👍
Yuta Baba: So u guys get to take me anywhere that would be fun
Daniel Strizhevsky: i wouldn't underestimate how annoying it is to switch cars 1-2x a day
Daniel Strizhevsky: 1x is all but guaranteed
Daniel Strizhevsky: so i won't say dealbreaker but i think it's quite inconvenient lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: also for comparison metropolitan was $80 for tandem spot
Daniel Strizhevsky: this would be the only option i think
Daniel Strizhevsky: but yeah
Samvrutha Tumuluru: They said there is street parking as well
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Though it is “hit or miss”
Daniel Strizhevsky: oh yeah also we're responsible for all utilities - they estimated $175/mo for water + sewage + trash
Chris Acker: Maybe the situation will be elucidated a bit more when I go in person
Daniel Strizhevsky: and then the rest is electricity
Chris Acker: That’s reasonable
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky: also
Daniel Strizhevsky: they said CURRENTLY no spots available but there's a waitlist
Daniel Strizhevsky: let me forward this email
Chris Acker: I will let you
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Yuta Babawhat's your email?
Chris Acker: bana.yuta@gmail.com
Chris Acker: Baba*
Daniel Strizhevsky: classic bana
Samvrutha Tumuluru: @Chris Acker when you go check it out can you scope out the street parking situation and see if the street is actually completely full or if it seems like a good option
Chris Acker reacted with 👍
Yuta Baba: Let me know when u r going I might be able to tag along
Chris Acker reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky: also
Daniel Strizhevsky: i see 2 options for encore
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I think I’m getting high ogg the fumes lol
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Chris Acker reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: a) just book for may 22
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Wrong chat
Daniel Strizhevsky: sorry
Daniel Strizhevsky: was dealing with some fumes
Daniel Strizhevsky: b)
Daniel Strizhevsky: risk it and wait a week or two before booking
Daniel Strizhevsky: and then we get both the $1000 and a late may move in date
Daniel Strizhevsky: because it says look&lease is only valid for 24 hrs after tour
Yuta Baba: Can you check how big the closet is
Yuta Baba: I need to think if I need to bring y drawer
Yuta Baba: Which would be pain
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Oh yeah do they say room square ft anywhere
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I didn’t se it on website
Chris Acker: I think this is the least of our worries lol
Yuta Baba: 1436ft
Daniel Strizhevsky: 14XX sq ft
Daniel Strizhevsky: which worry
Yuta Baba: And I have no idea how big that is
Chris Acker: Closet space
Daniel Strizhevsky: i feel like a lesser worry is the color of the fridge
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: but i get what you're getting at
Samvrutha Tumuluru: If the fridge is white I’m out
Yuta Baba: Tru tru just listing up all the questions I have
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I will be living on my own
Samvrutha Tumuluru: In a different city
Chris Acker: In a dumpster
Yuta Baba: We can paint it
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky: this is the Engineering Mindset
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru: If it isn’t stainless steel then I will throw it out
Yuta Baba: Oh u can take the parking spot
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru: And set the apartment on fire
Yuta Baba: Yo i work in the tech industry lol
Yuta Baba: I do everything to make it work ok
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: You can build ur own fridge in ur room
Yuta Baba: Can’t change the material sorry
Chris Acker: You can turn the fridge into extra closet space
Daniel Strizhevsky: ok so
Daniel Strizhevsky: let's make a yung decision
Yuta Baba: And keep it clean and fresh
Yuta Baba: And little chilly
Yuta Baba: Great for summer
Daniel Strizhevsky: do we risk it or tour tomorrow?
Daniel Strizhevsky: we need to respond to Yung Man
Chris Acker: Is it a risk
Yuta Baba: Did u ask how many ppl are interested
Yuta Baba: Or just us
Daniel Strizhevsky: no i didn't ask
Yuta Baba: Damniiiit
Daniel Strizhevsky: idk if they'd answer that honestly lol
Yuta Baba: It’s ok not ur fault
Yuta Baba: Tru
Chris Acker: Even if I tour tomorrow, would they be able to connect that to an application later that you submit?
Chris Acker: I guess it would have my name on it but, I wonder how hard they are tracking
Daniel Strizhevsky: well
Daniel Strizhevsky: the risk is also about other people taking it
Daniel Strizhevsky: not just the 24 hour thing
Yuta Baba: Which can happen
Chris Acker: Yeah but I mean we can tour tomorrow anyway
Daniel Strizhevsky: yeah
Yuta Baba: Ok I actually will tag along if I feel ok tmr
Daniel Strizhevsky: he told me to respond to his email to schedule the thing
Yuta Baba: I just got vaccinated
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: maybe you can just respond to schedule
Chris Acker: Okay
Yuta Baba: Let me know when ur going
Daniel Strizhevsky: closets seem big btw
Yuta Baba reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky: walk-in closet
Daniel Strizhevsky: from tje floorplan
Yuta Baba: Maybe I don’t have to bring my drawer then
Daniel Strizhevsky: diijjoijoijioijojoijoijoijoijoijoioijoijoijoijoijoijoijoij
Daniel Strizhevsky: maybe i can buy your drawer
Yuta Baba: Oh lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: also throwing https://www.zillow.com/homedetails/508-Chestnut-St-Redwood-City-CA-94063/15565936_zpid/? out there one more time
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Yuta Baba: Not bad
Yuta Baba: Looks a bit far from the station tho
Daniel Strizhevsky: yeah it's 0.1 miles further, but it doesn't have a large street to cross
Daniel Strizhevsky: so it may even out
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Kitchen bad, distance far, and only 1000 sqft which is small for 4 people
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Indigo apartments are nice but too expensive 😭😭
Chris Acker: How much is indigo again
Daniel Strizhevsky: 6.8k + 1 month off lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: so still like 6.2k
Daniel Strizhevsky: we can call and ask if it's negotiable cause nobody is gonna rent a 6.8k 3br lol
Chris Acker: Holy freakin moly
Chris Acker: If you guys pay 1450, Yuta pays 1500 and I pay 1800 then it could work lol
Yuta Baba: Why would I only pay 1500 that’s not fair
Yuta Baba: I mean I would be happy about it but I don’t think that’s fair?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Lol indigo is probably not worth if it’s that expensive
Samvrutha Tumuluru: They have mixed reviews on Google
Chris Acker: Wait so if they are not doing in person tours would I just be going over there to look at the outside?
Chris Acker: Of we are doing a virtual tour can’t we all do it together?
Chris Acker: If*
Yuta Baba: If virtual yes
Samvrutha Tumuluru: They aren’t doing in person!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: *?
Yuta Baba: Rona
Yuta Baba: Makes sense
Chris Acker: Oh in the email it says you can do a set guided tour
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Chris Acker: Let me look on their website if I need to set that up or I can just go..
Chris Acker: Well I think I should just be able to go..
Chris Acker: @Yuta Baba do you want to go check it out today?
Yuta Baba: Yeah I can spare an hour or two
Chris Acker: Okay I’ve got to shower and stuff but I can probably pick you up in an hour or so
Yuta Baba: Do we need to reserve the tour
Chris Acker: I don’t think so?
Yuta Baba: Or can we just show up
Yuta Baba: Can u check before we go
Chris Acker: I’ll call them
Yuta Baba: Okie thx thx
Chris Acker: They are not picking up the phone
Yuta Baba: Yikes
Yuta Baba: We can just go and knock
Yuta Baba: I’d they don’t let us in we can still check the parking and outside
Chris Acker: We can get a resident to show us their apartment
Chris Acker: Or we can break in
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: Use your engineering skills
Chris Acker: They can’t stop me
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: And my engineering mindset
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: There we go
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Yuta Baba: Self guided tour available so I think we can just show up
Yuta Baba: ?
Daniel Strizhevsky: the dude wanted a response to the email
Daniel Strizhevsky: if you can reply asking maybe he'll respond?
Daniel Strizhevsky: cause ididn't know when youre free
Yuta Baba: Don’t think he’ll reply on Saturday but worth a shot
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I think apartment complexes normally have people available on Saturday
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: Okay i fired off an email
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: The ball is in Louiegi’s court now
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Chris Acker: We can give it an hour or two, and if he doesn’t get back we can go regardless and at least take a look at the area
Yuta Baba: Yeah
Yuta Baba: Let’s shoot at 3 ok for the visit
Yuta Baba: 3pm
Yuta Baba: Or 330
Chris Acker: 👌 ✅
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a sticker.
Chris Acker: I am coming over now
Daniel Strizhevsky: see you soon
Chris Acker: @Yuta Babathat was to you lol
Yuta Baba: Okay let me get changed
Yuta Baba: Can I just go w sweatpants
Yuta Baba: That’s my business casual nowadays
Yuta Baba: Let me know when u r here
Chris Acker: I’m here
Chris Acker: You cannot come in sweatpants
Yuta Baba: Ok coming
Chris Acker: Wear some clothes for goodness sake
Yuta Baba: U serious
Chris Acker: Of course
Yuta Baba: Yikes
Chris Acker: Do you want them to think that we are homeless??
Yuta Baba: Sighs
Yuta Baba: SIGHS
Yuta Baba: who cares
Chris Acker: ???
Yuta Baba: But I understand
Yuta Baba: Sweatpants != homeless
Chris Acker: I’m on ebener
Chris Acker: Still on ebener
Samvrutha Tumuluru: did you ever make it off of ebener?
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: Don't forget to take video!
Daniel Strizhevsky: And/or pictures
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yes pls! And check that all the sinks and such flush and turn on etc
Chris Acker: Uh oh, the sinks didn’t flush
Yuta Baba reacted with 😢
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: How was it
Yuta Baba: we liked it
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: chris is gon send u the videos we took
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Yuta Baba: each room is a bit small but not too small and i think we can make it work
Yuta Baba: not sure about where you would work tho the master bed room cannot handle one bed and two deks
Yuta Baba: desks
Yuta Baba: so one of u has to work in the living room which is p spacious
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'll probably be in the office all the time so it's probably fine
Daniel Strizhevsky: How do the rooms compare to metropolitan
Daniel Strizhevsky: And how's the lighting!?!
Daniel Strizhevsky: I guess I'll wait to see the video lol
Yuta Baba: not sure about the individual room but the living room in san mateo is def bigger
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Yuta Baba: but encore is p spacious for four of us too
Yuta Baba: we have a lot of windows no no light needed during the day
Yuta Baba: the entrance light is yellowish but we didnt try the other lighting sadly
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yee I meant natural lighting, that's good
Daniel Strizhevsky: Oh interesting lol I thought that place was 1200sf
Daniel Strizhevsky: Maybe not
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Yuta Baba: The ones outside is the roof top
Yuta Baba: We have the common room and rooftop and garden with the grill for the residents
Yuta Baba: Plus the gym
Daniel Strizhevsky: I see
Daniel Strizhevsky: Looks pretty good, maybe not quite the metropolitan lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: And oof 10x10 is a small master lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: Are you sure it wouldn't fit 2 desks?
Daniel Strizhevsky: I guess depends on layout
Yuta Baba: Depends on the desk size and how u want to lay out the room yes
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a sticker.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah I forgot even if I don't wfh I still need a desk
Daniel Strizhevsky: To GAME and study and such lol
Chris Acker: I sent a video of it to samvrutha
Chris Acker: Messenger wouldn’t let me send it because the file is too large...
Yuta Baba: Lol
Chris Acker: And I couldn’t send it to Dan because he is android (bleh)
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: But I think it went through to Samvrutha
Chris Acker shared a video.
Chris Acker: Here are some shorter videos to tide you over
Chris Acker shared a video.
Yuta Baba: @Chris Ackerwhats the housing group you used before?
Yuta Baba: trying to post it
Chris Acker sent a photo.
Chris Acker: Not sure if Redwood City counts as “south bay”..
Chris Acker: But the Bay Area one would work for you
Yuta Baba: Ya
Yuta Baba: Thx
Chris Acker: There is also a group called Redwood City Shop and trade so you might want to put it there too
Yuta Baba reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky: Do you guys think that island would fit 4 people on one side?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Like our previous bar
Daniel Strizhevsky: Or will we need a separate table
Chris Acker: I think it will fit 4 people
Daniel Strizhevsky: Looks to me like a slightly worse metropolitan overall, is that the vibe you guys got
Chris Acker: No I felt like it was a slightly better metropolitan
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😮
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: The building was built in 2019
Chris Acker: So everything felt very new and in good order
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah I guess the finish is nicer, but everything is quite a bit smaller isn't it
Chris Acker: At metropolitan everything felt like it was falling apart lol
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Sad that the rooms are so small I think bedroom size is the main downside
Chris Acker: I think the bedrooms other than master are a comparable size
Daniel Strizhevsky: I guess our bedroom last time was quite small too
Daniel Strizhevsky: Do you think this master is smaller?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Like idk who designed the buildings but by making the closets slightly smaller and removing that book they could have gotten a lot of space
Chris Acker: @Yuta Baba what are the master bedroom dimensions again?
Chris Acker: It’s on that sheet
Chris Acker: I could also find it online I guess
Daniel Strizhevsky: He sent a pic
Chris Acker: It actually doesn’t say on the website lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: It's like 10.5*10.5
Chris Acker: Oh o see
Daniel Strizhevsky: I think metropolitan was 10.5*12.5
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: Rip
Daniel Strizhevsky: I mean it's probably doable
Daniel Strizhevsky: Why is the master smaller though lol is that common
Daniel Strizhevsky: That seems weird
Chris Acker: You lose 2 ft on one side
Daniel Strizhevsky: Hmm
Yuta Baba: one alternative is dan and samvrutha takes one of the non master and use the bathroom for the non master
Yuta Baba: and chris and i will use the master bathroom
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Resending right side up
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol
Chris Acker: Yeah it’s just a bit awkward that one would have to go into the other persons room lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: You have to go into the master br to use it right
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yeah only problem with that is like you have to go through the persons room
Yuta Baba: mY bAd
Yuta Baba: it depends on when they take a shower
Yuta Baba: i dont know just throwing out an idea
Daniel Strizhevsky: Where it says "linen" on the floorplan that's just the nook right?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Another idea is one desk in master
Daniel Strizhevsky: No closet?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: And one desk in that random nook
Chris Acker: Yes
Yuta Baba: there is a bigger closet in the master
Daniel Strizhevsky: I can't see how this place is more sq ft than metropolitan lol
Yuta Baba: did metropolitan consider the rooftop to be part of that sq feet
Chris Acker: Metropolitan also didn’t have any hallway
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Yuta Baba: i feel like it might not
Yuta Baba: yeah hall way is quite long actually
Yuta Baba: unnecessarily
Yuta Baba: and that nook for no reason
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah I think balconies usually aren't counted
Daniel Strizhevsky: Maybe the balcony here is?
Yuta Baba: idk
Chris Acker: I mean square footage is not an issue besides the master bedroom
Daniel Strizhevsky: Do you think living room has enough space?
Yuta Baba: i second taht
Daniel Strizhevsky: For like couch + tv
Chris Acker: Yes
Daniel Strizhevsky: And a table?
Daniel Strizhevsky: And stuff
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok cool
Yuta Baba: the living room is spatious
Chris Acker: I think we could even get a desk in the living room perhaps
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Chris Acker: So you could maybe fit one in the master bedroom and another out there
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I think yeah living room space is probably fine
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok so how about non interior stuff
Daniel Strizhevsky: Thoughts on location? How's the big road
Yuta Baba: there is a storage
Yuta Baba: all shared
Yuta Baba: and each closet is huge
Yuta Baba: you can even put your desk in the storage
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: You can hear traffic from the apartment but not worse than metropolitan I think
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Yuta Baba reacted with 👍
Yuta Baba: no natual lighting tho but it is huge
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: Location is pretty good.  It might get a bit annoying crossing the big road, but J walking might be a possibility as well :)
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😢
Yuta Baba reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😢
Yuta Baba: and it has some nice view that redwood has to offer
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😋
Chris Acker: Yeah the view is pretty good for Redwood City
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Is this our only option what was the other apartment complex?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Overall has the tour made you strongly pro encore
Chris Acker: I don’t think we have another
Yuta Baba: yeah this room is a corner room closest to the big street
Yuta Baba: yeah i think we liked encore
Chris Acker: Besides the expensive one
Yuta Baba: but i think the issue comes down to the master bedroom
Chris Acker: We have some houses that we could consider
Yuta Baba: prob worth mentioning that we have 1000 bucks coupon that that expires today right?
Yuta Baba: so if we want to move in we should prob decide today
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I think the other place was radius
Yuta Baba: radius is p close from encore actually
Yuta Baba: we have two 3BD and 2 Bathrooms there
Yuta Baba: i mean chris we can try tomorrow if we want to check it out
Yuta Baba: the sq feet is smaller at radius tho
Daniel Strizhevsky: Btw
Daniel Strizhevsky: If we're willing to pay 5260
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I wish they would put dimensions on these floor plans
Daniel Strizhevsky: We should consider this too, 3 baths even
Chris Acker: They are probably closed on Sunday right
Daniel Strizhevsky: https://www.zillow.com/homedetails/427-Clinton-St-Redwood-City-CA-94062/15564200_zpid/?utm_campaign=androidappmessage&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=txtsh
Daniel Strizhevsky shared a link.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Sqr fr could be smaller but if it is better allocated might not matter
Daniel Strizhevsky: And the house is likely negotiable
Yuta Baba: no sunday is open
Yuta Baba: https://www.essexapartmenthomes.com/apartments/redwood-city/radius/floor-plans-and-pricing
Yuta Baba shared a link.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Are you guys still in rwc?
Chris Acker: Nope
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😢
Yuta Baba: that house looks nice but is a bit pricyyy
Daniel Strizhevsky: Yeah but since it's a house we can negotiate
Daniel Strizhevsky: So we can probably make it <= encore price
Chris Acker: Hmm I don’t know about that
Chris Acker: Also it doesn’t look like that house has A/C
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: It says “cooling features: none”
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: It was built in 1922 lol
Chris Acker: I’m kind of scared of houses because they are old and things break and it’s a pain
Chris Acker: Never underestimate the value of new things
Chris Acker: The internet connection might also be questionable
Yuta Baba: I feel like we should visit radius tmr?
Yuta Baba: it doesnt say the price but we can call before we go
Yuta Baba: and we can book an appointment online
Chris Acker: Sure
Chris Acker: Do you know if we have to set up a meeting
Chris Acker: Can you book an appointment for tomorrow morning?
Daniel Strizhevsky: Fair enough
Daniel Strizhevsky: It might not have availability, yeah you should ask
Daniel Strizhevsky: Also irrelevant but
Yuta Baba: Yeah we can book online
Daniel Strizhevsky: Metropolitan 3Br is 4.8k and 2 months off 🤦
Yuta Baba: I mean o would be down for metropolitan tbh
Chris Acker: I would not lol
Chris Acker: Too far
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Daniel Strizhevsky: Same but it's far for Chris and samvrutha lol
Chris Acker: From work
Yuta Baba: Fair
Yuta Baba: Yeah redwood apartments don’t have 3 bedrooms
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I think we should check out radius if the building seems poorly maintained or something then yeah lets just go with encore
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Dan and I will be able to figure out something with the desks
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: @Chris Acker r u down to go tmr
Samvrutha Tumuluru: As long as you bois don't mind the possibility of one of our desks maybe needing to go in the living room maybe
Yuta Baba: If you are ok w that table being the table for beer pong yes :)
Yuta Baba: Or like Chris said you can set the desk in some space in the hallway
Chris Acker: Yeah I can go to radius
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: Let’s book it tonight when do u wanna go
Chris Acker: Should we try to make an appointment or just go?
Chris Acker: Is it automated?
Yuta Baba: We should make an appointment
Yuta Baba: Idk
Chris Acker: Let’s go early on the morning
Yuta Baba: We can do it online
Yuta Baba: Agreed
Yuta Baba: ok the earliest is 11am
Chris Acker: Where do you see that?
Chris Acker: Nevermind i see it
Chris Acker: Can you book it?
Yuta Baba: Ya
Yuta Baba: Okay I booked it at 11am
Yuta Baba: It says the tour length is 30 min
Yuta Baba: So we gotta be a bit quick
Yuta Baba: Idk
Yuta Baba: Do u wanna pick me up at 1040 tmr morning
Samvrutha Tumuluru: The recent reviews for radius are kinda scary
Samvrutha Tumuluru: mainly lots of packages being stolen
Samvrutha Tumuluru: one person said there were homeless people sleeping in the stairwell?
Yuta Baba: What the hell
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Can you pls check the mailroom/ stairwell if possible during your visit
Yuta Baba: Yes
Yuta Baba: We can also ask about the security as well
Yuta Baba: Encore is p safe cuz you can’t use the elevator if u don’t have the key
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: This is the second review I've seen talking about homeless people in the stairwell
Samvrutha Tumuluru: my hopes for radius are low
Yuta Baba: Would u be ok living in encore?
Yuta Baba: I mean we can still check out radius
Yuta Baba: It’s 8 months ago it might be different now
Samvrutha Tumuluru: there was one from 1 month ago as well
Samvrutha Tumuluru: If it isn't a huge inconvenience I think we should still check it out
Samvrutha Tumuluru: But like almost every review mentions packages being stolen
Samvrutha Tumuluru: And mail being left out in the lobby
Samvrutha Tumuluru: like letters from the dmv irs etc
Yuta Baba: Hmmmm not good
Samvrutha Tumuluru: And the property management being bad and unresponsive
Yuta Baba: I mean if that’s the constant review and we might want to pass it
Yuta Baba: We can still check it out tho
Yuta Baba: If Chris is down
Yuta Baba: It’s basically him driving so lol
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Let me see what Dan thinks
Samvrutha Tumuluru: but after seeing this picture
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Might be a hard pass for me
Samvrutha Tumuluru: for radius
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a photo.
Yuta Baba: I’m on the same boat as u @Samvrutha
Chris Acker: I don't mind coming to check it out
Yuta Baba reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Yuta Baba: Ok let’s do that and we decide tmr
Chris Acker: I texted their number and asked if there was any availability
Chris Acker: and then they sent me a welcome email
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: how did they get my email???
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: Lol
Yuta Baba: Creepy
Yuta Baba: @Samvrutha I would that it would happen at Encore, it has a releasing office in the first floor so if something happens they would notice
Yuta Baba: *i dont think it would happen at Encore
Samvrutha Tumuluru: lol tbh I'm not sure how radius has maintained such a high rating on google with the number of 1 stars 😂😂
Samvrutha Tumuluru: They have gotten hardly any good reviews in the last like 2 years
Yuta Baba: Lol
Yuta Baba: I mean it looks from outside
Yuta Baba: But mailboxes are cray cray
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Ok cool I guess we will see how it is tomorrow. If it seems sketch then I've made my peace with the room size at encore
Yuta Baba reacted with 👍
Chris Acker: What about Dan's house?
Chris Acker: If we check and it has air conditioning are we still interested?
Chris Acker: Should we reach out to them?
Yuta Baba: If we can negotiate the price
Yuta Baba: Idk
Chris Acker: Okay so encore is your hard limit price wise?
Chris Acker: It’s funny that we don’t like radius and it might be more expensive lol
Yuta Baba: I mean that would be great
Chris Acker: I can’t imagine the list of things that could go well for radius for us to change our mind about this
Yuta Baba: Dans house is like 3br 3 bathroom so I would say even split that would be like 1.8k
Yuta Baba: It’s a bit pricy
Chris Acker: What do you mean by even split?
Chris Acker: It’s 5550/month and there are 4 of us
Yuta Baba: 3 bedroom 3 bathrooms so dan/Samvrutha pays 1/3 you pay 1/3 and I pay 1/3 no?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I think the house is only an option if they are willing to negotiate the price and it has air conditioning
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Yuta Baba reacted with 👍
Chris Acker: No Dan and Samvrutha would pay more because a house is more than its bedrooms
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 👍
Yuta Baba reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru: maybe we just reach out to them and see if they are flexible?
Yuta Baba reacted with 👍
Yuta Baba: @Chris Acker 1040 tmr?
Chris Acker reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru: How's it looking
Chris Acker: It’s not available lol
Chris Acker: The unit
Chris Acker: So we are not going
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Chris Acker: The person from the house got back to me tho and said they’d be willing to do 5300
Chris Acker: But they did not answer my question as to whether or not there was air conditioning
Chris Acker: The person I was in contact with told me to “call their husband about that” lol
Chris Acker: I called but no one picked up
Chris Acker: Left a message
Chris Acker: We’ll see if they get back
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Chris Acker: You started a call.
Chris Acker: You joined the call.
Yuta Baba: yytaba joined the call.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: snabrutha joined the call.
Chris Acker: You started sharing video.
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Chris Acker: You joined the video chat.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: snabrutha joined the video chat.
Chris Acker: The video call ended.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Ok called indigo
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Leasing is going to give me a call back at 3
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Maybe they will negotiate?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: They got scared when I said we are signing with encore on Monday if we don’t find anything better
Chris Acker: And?
Chris Acker: Oh they will call you at 3
Chris Acker: But our tour is at 3
Chris Acker: I guess Dan can attend the tour in your place at first
Yuta Baba: We can negotiate and then talk throughly the result
Yuta Baba: *Negotiate w indigo and then I’ll bring the result from house and finalize tonight
Daniel Strizhevsky: Won't we just get an async video of the tour
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol
Chris Acker: What is async
Chris Acker: I was thinking that @Yuta Baba would stream the tour live
Daniel Strizhevsky: Ok we can do that
Yuta Baba: Oh yes I can do that
Yuta Baba: Then dan do u wanna reschedule ur call to be 230 or 4?
Yuta Baba: Before/after 3
Daniel Strizhevsky: I'll just watch in place of samvrutha if they call her
Yuta Baba: Kk
Daniel Strizhevsky: The timing is delicate with indigo
Daniel Strizhevsky: Lol
Yuta Baba: @Chris Acker what’s the landlords phone number?
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Chris Acker are you not gonna be there?
Chris Acker: 6053030462
Yuta Baba: Nope he ditched me
Chris Acker: No I don’t want to drive back again and I have another call shortly after
Chris Acker: And his name is Dave
Yuta Baba sent a sticker.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Who are you calling?
Chris Acker: Whom*
Chris Acker: I’m calling Kenny, Dhruv, Alison, krishna, Rounak, and Zach to plan a California trip
Chris Acker: Kenny, Dhruv, Alison, and krishna decided to come for a week-long vacation in CA so I thought I’d tag along
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😮
Chris Acker: And then Rounak and Zach said they’d tag along as well
Chris Acker: Honestly you guys can be involved as well if you’d like
Chris Acker: They are coming here to the Bay Area
Chris Acker: So we are going to look for an Airbnb together
Daniel Strizhevsky: Aren't you already in CA
Chris Acker: @Yuta Baba getting ready to leave?
Chris Acker: This is your reminder 😉
Yuta Baba: Shit thank u
Yuta Baba: Fuck
Chris Acker: Lol where are you now?
Chris Acker: Will you be able to make it?
Yuta Baba: Ya home
Yuta Baba: Yes
Chris Acker: Okay cool
Yuta Baba: I was working and not tracking time
Yuta Baba: You saved me
Yuta Baba: Can u save me the address
Yuta Baba: Vaguely remember the place but need the address
Chris Acker: 427 Clinton street
Chris Acker: Did you text the guy?
Chris Acker: If you are going to be late just let him know
Yuta Baba: I think I’ll make it
Chris Acker: Okay
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Can you also take pictures so we can look at them after the fact
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Or a video as well
Samvrutha Tumuluru: For viewing
Samvrutha Tumuluru: For those who may not make the live showing
Yuta Baba: I can’t take videos while live streaming
Chris Acker: You can take pictures afterwards
Chris Acker: No worries
Yuta Baba: Okay
Yuta Baba: Okay I’m here
Yuta Baba: yytaba started a video chat.
Yuta Baba: yytaba joined the video chat.
Chris Acker: You joined the video chat.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: snabrutha joined the video chat.
Daniel Strizhevsky: striz joined the video chat.
Yuta Baba: Do u guys want videos as well
Chris Acker: Yes
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yeah if possible
Daniel Strizhevsky: oh can you also check if it's possible to fit 2 cars in the driveway
Daniel Strizhevsky: such that it's not tandem
Daniel Strizhevsky: you can rejoin the call if you want
Daniel Strizhevsky: like if you can do
Chris Acker: Could the table in the backyard be moved sich that another car would fit?
Daniel Strizhevsky: \ |
  |
  |
Daniel Strizhevsky: naw mean
Yuta Baba sent a photo.
Yuta Baba shared a video.
Daniel Strizhevsky: @Yuta Baba can you ask if there's anything we have to do to maintain the hot tub
Daniel Strizhevsky: if we don't use it?
Yuta Baba shared a video.
Daniel Strizhevsky: also do we have to take care of watering lawn or anything
Yuta Baba shared a video.
Yuta Baba shared a video.
Yuta Baba shared a video.
Yuta Baba shared a video.
Yuta Baba: yytaba joined the video chat.
Chris Acker: You joined the video chat.
Yuta Baba: yytaba joined the video chat.
Yuta Baba: The video call ended.
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Indigo is dead
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Price is 6500
Samvrutha Tumuluru: And they will give first 2 weeks off
Samvrutha Tumuluru: But otherwise no discount
Yuta Baba reacted with 😢
Chris Acker: Quoting Nietzsche?
Yuta Baba: HAHAHAHAHAHA
Yuta Baba: DEEEP
Chris Acker: 😉
Yuta Baba: Nice email sir
Chris Acker reacted with 👍
Chris Acker: I actually might just call them tomorrow because louiegi’s email says he’ll be out til Tuesday
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😢
Yuta Baba: Yeah sounds good thank u Chris
Yuta Baba: Time to shine buddy
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a gif.
Chris Acker: If this one is taken are we making an offer for the house, or waiting for another apartment to become available
Yuta Baba: I doubt it will be taken
Yuta Baba: Sunday is closed for them
Chris Acker: We don’t know if they were already talking to people when we came
Yuta Baba: He would’ve mentioned if that’s the case but sure
Yuta Baba: The house is in demand it can be taken super fast
Yuta Baba: Don’t know how often the apartment opens up tho
Chris Acker: Hopefully
Yuta Baba reacted with 🙏
Daniel Strizhevsky: Samvrutha has done some Masterful Interior Designing work and we've decided we will be able to fit a bed + 2 desks in the Encore master
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: with even a foot or two of space left over
Daniel Strizhevsky: so should be good
Yuta Baba: Damn
Yuta Baba: She good
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: Let us know when you hear back from them Chris
Chris Acker: The number they have on their website does not work
Yuta Baba: Wtf
Chris Acker: And the number in louiegi’s automated response email also doesn’t work lol
Yuta Baba: So no one in the office today?
Yuta Baba: Maybe we have to wait for another day lol
Chris Acker: We can apply online, but it doesn’t let me select a start date past the 10th
Yuta Baba: Hmm
Chris Acker: I don’t know.  It said the number was out of service
Yuta Baba: That’s weird
Chris Acker: @Daniel Strizhevskywhat number did you call?
Chris Acker: Did you just call louiegi directly?
Yuta Baba: Louiieeeegi where u at
Chris Acker: We could submit an application online, but the start date would have to be the 10th
Chris Acker: Maybe we could ask them to change that later? Not sure
Yuta Baba: Can we leave a comment in the application?
Yuta Baba: Saying we prefer a later start date
Chris Acker: I don’t think so
Yuta Baba: Hmmmmmm
Yuta Baba: You tried these right

Call 833-761-3073
Email encore@sares-regis.com
Chris Acker: Wait I typed in the number wrong lol
Chris Acker: One sec
Chris Acker: Okay now I’m getting through to the number but it’s stuck in a loop lol
Chris Acker: Call the number and you will se what I mean
Daniel Strizhevsky: I called +16504740400 I think
Daniel Strizhevsky: Jk
Daniel Strizhevsky: That's what they called me back from
Daniel Strizhevsky: I called 8337613073
Chris Acker: Yeah that’s what I tried
Chris Acker: It just says “press one to continue” on loop
Chris Acker: (Yes, I pressed it)
Yuta Baba: What the fuck
Yuta Baba: This is infinite loop
Yuta Baba: Someone fix this annoying bug
Samvrutha Tumuluru: The number dan sent just goes to voicemail
Samvrutha Tumuluru: But no infinite loop
Yuta Baba: The one starting with 833
Yuta Baba: That goes to the loop
Yuta Baba: Let’s try pressing 2
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Sorry the first number he sent
Samvrutha Tumuluru: It goes to luigies voicemail
Yuta Baba: That might break the while loop
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Just kidding second number is not an infinite loop eaither
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I pressed 1 and then it took me to the same voicemail
Chris Acker: It should definitely not take you to louiegi’s voicemail because that is the encore number
Chris Acker: Did you get the voice saying that a service agent would be with you shortly
Yuta Baba: Actually I pressed few other buttons and then 1 and the phone started behaving like a norma phone does but not one picked it up
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I guess I’m assuming it’s Luigi
Samvrutha Tumuluru: It was just a dude saying blah blah encore leave message will call back
Yuta Baba: Luigi we are marios answer ur phone plz
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: But he had an accent
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I guess unfair to assume
Yuta Baba: But is it just him working at a leasing office?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I mean it never says this is Luigi
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Or anything
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Louie go
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I mean doesn’t matter it goes to voicemail was my point lol
Yuta Baba: He’ll get back to us tmr
Chris Acker: Hmm weird
Chris Acker: I never got to that point
Chris Acker: You are saying that the two phone numbers lead to the same answering machine?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Try the 165 number
Samvrutha Tumuluru: It skips the automated lady
Chris Acker: I did
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Oh weird
Chris Acker: Yeah I agree with that one
Chris Acker: The 165 goes to an answering machine
Yuta Baba: Maybe u r blocked Chris
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: The 833 leads to a press one loop
Daniel Strizhevsky: hey well if we can't reach them other people probably can't lol
Chris Acker: No one would ever block me trust me
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: They know the consequences
Daniel Strizhevsky: as long as The Competition is Dead
Daniel Strizhevsky: we should be good
Chris Acker: Yuta run to the apartment and see if anyone is there!
Yuta Baba: Dude
Chris Acker: I think two people work there
Yuta Baba: I can
Daniel Strizhevsky: no, we mustn't seem needy
Chris Acker: Including luigi
Daniel Strizhevsky: they need US
Yuta Baba: But not now
Daniel Strizhevsky: if they call back we should miss a call or two
Yuta Baba reacted with 😆
Chris Acker reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 🦖
Chris Acker: Try saying that when you are homeless!
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Playing hard to get is out of style
Chris Acker: We will be living in a tent and Dan will be whispering “they need ussss”
Yuta Baba reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: Cradling his knees
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: btw would you guys consider Purchasing a house?
Daniel Strizhevsky: instead of renting
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Negatives
Daniel Strizhevsky: shut it
Chris Acker reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Shut it
Daniel Strizhevsky: could be more economical to Purchase a house
Yuta Baba: If i know for sure I stay in CA for a longer time I could
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Negatives p
Chris Acker: R u serious?
Chris Acker: Cant tell
Daniel Strizhevsky: i am serious
Daniel Strizhevsky: i mean
Daniel Strizhevsky: i don't htink i will stay in CA for particularly long
Daniel Strizhevsky: but we can just sell after 1-1.5 years
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Nuggative
Chris Acker: How would it work with 4 of us on the thingy
Yuta Baba: My friend who’s moving to MN for phd is buying a house
Chris Acker: How much would the down payment be
Yuta Baba: Not a lot
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Chicken nugget
Yuta Baba: But selling after a year is not good
Chris Acker: Why
Yuta Baba: Why would u buy a house in the first place
Yuta Baba: For just one year
Chris Acker: Because then you don’t lose money
Chris Acker: Theoretically
Chris Acker: If you rent you just lose the money
Daniel Strizhevsky: because your monthly cost is almost the same as renting yeah
Daniel Strizhevsky: and you get equity for it
Daniel Strizhevsky: and you can capture real estate price increases on top of that
Daniel Strizhevsky: although it's higher risk
Daniel Strizhevsky: like
Chris Acker: You only lose money if the price goes down
Chris Acker: With renting you are throwing away 20k per year
Yuta Baba: Which is highly unlikely
Daniel Strizhevsky: we're making a $63k investment already here
Yuta Baba: I don’t know the tax implications of buying a house
Chris Acker: There would be taxes
Chris Acker: And some interest rate set by the bank
Yuta Baba: I HATE TAXES
Chris Acker: And perhaps property repair expenses
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yeah Texas is the worst state IMO
Chris Acker: So it’s not like an all around better choice
Yuta Baba: Where did Texas come from lmao
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with ❤
Chris Acker reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: we can do some math i guess
Samvrutha Tumuluru: + closing costs + inspection costs
Daniel Strizhevsky: and interest rates are like under 3% right now i think
Chris Acker: Yuta won the math award at my high school
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: + time and effort of buying and selling a house
Chris Acker: He’s got us
Samvrutha Tumuluru: + the cost of paying 2 rents if we move and then can’t sell the house in time
Daniel Strizhevsky: ok yuta go math it out
Yuta Baba: That was four years ago
Chris Acker: Did you get dummer?
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: And I’m not calculating taxes
Yuta Baba: Cuz I don’t know the rules
Yuta Baba: I only know taxes in investment
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I think you get some tax incentives if you own a house though
Chris Acker: Nah you pay property taxes
Samvrutha Tumuluru: That is what I noticed while doing my taxes a couple weeks avo
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Yeah but they give you some credits back
Chris Acker: In California they even make you pay a few hundred dollar towards education to support the local schools
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Kinda like electric car incentives
Yuta Baba: I mean do we want to just wait for another day our luigi is gon get back to us
Yuta Baba: If we want to buy a house we need to find a place first
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I don’t think this is the time to buy a house IMO
Chris Acker: I feel like you can get tax incentives to lower your property taxes but i didn’t think they would be a net positive
Yuta Baba: If we sell it a few years later it will for sure
Yuta Baba: Appreciation
Chris Acker: Yeah if we only own it for a year I’m not sure that the complexity is worth it
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 👍
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Not net positive just something to factor in
Samvrutha Tumuluru: If we are doing some calculations
Yuta Baba: I would want to study taxes but not the right timing cuz it’s the end of fiscal quarter
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😢
Yuta Baba: And agreed not sure if it’s worth it given all the complexities
Daniel Strizhevsky: fine
Daniel Strizhevsky: house DEAD
Chris Acker reacted with 🥳
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 🔪
Samvrutha Tumuluru: What floor was the encore apartment?
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Was it the top floor?
Yuta Baba: 502
Yuta Baba: 6th is the top
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😢
Samvrutha Tumuluru sent a sticker.
Daniel Strizhevsky: one QUESTIONO about ENCORE
Daniel Strizhevsky: are there ceiling lights in the living room? i see that there are in the hallway and kitchen area
Daniel Strizhevsky: but i didn't get to see the living room
Daniel Strizhevsky: or would we need to lamp it up
Yuta Baba: Looking at the photos we might need to lamp it up
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😢
Yuta Baba: Might not have a lot of lightings in bedrooms either
Daniel Strizhevsky: yeah no lights in bedrooms i think
Daniel Strizhevsky: that's another positive of the house i guess
Yuta Baba: Ugh that’s annoying
Yuta Baba: How do we hook it up
Daniel Strizhevsky: wdym
Yuta Baba: Engineer
Daniel Strizhevsky: buy lamp
Daniel Strizhevsky: plug in
Daniel Strizhevsky: lol
Yuta Baba: I do have lamps but from the ceiling ya know
Daniel Strizhevsky: :O
Daniel Strizhevsky: idk how that would work
Daniel Strizhevsky: we used floor lamps in the past
Daniel Strizhevsky: the ones we had in metropolitan were quite ugly but we can get nicer ones
Yuta Baba: I guess I can also buy some sting lightings that college kids have
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😢
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with ❤
Yuta Baba: That makes my room cool
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I love string lights
Daniel Strizhevsky: i hate string lights
Daniel Strizhevsky: lol
Yuta Baba: *ateing lightening
Yuta Baba: String lights oh my can’t spell
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: Doesn’t give u a lot of lights but it’s cool
Daniel Strizhevsky: it kept falling down in my+samvrutha's room last time lol
Yuta Baba: My room is famous for empty decorations
Daniel Strizhevsky: and shorting
Yuta Baba: Yikes
Yuta Baba: Maybe not then lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: eh they were probably cheap
Daniel Strizhevsky sent a photo.
Daniel Strizhevsky: Something like this for living room would be nice I think
Yuta Baba: Oh ya for sure
Yuta Baba: I have the lamp I bought for a bike
Yuta Baba: We don’t want to directly flush it at us but I could direct it to the ceiling it might be good
Daniel Strizhevsky reacted with 😆
Yuta Baba: Or maybe something for my room lol
Daniel Strizhevsky: yeah we'll find something lol
Yuta Baba: Also flash not flush
Yuta Baba: Gooooosh
Daniel Strizhevsky: also we've learned from last time that you can pretty easily get 80-100% value back by selling furniture and stuff at the end of the lease
Yuta Baba reacted with ❤
Daniel Strizhevsky: so i'm pretty open to getting nice things
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Dan caused string lights to fail
Samvrutha Tumuluru: By insisting we put them too tightly on the wall
Daniel Strizhevsky: i didn't cause them to short though lol
Samvrutha Tumuluru: And then they would fall off
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I bought really cheap lights
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I will be using string lights in our room
Yuta Baba: I might consider that as well we’ll see
Daniel Strizhevsky: i'll just give you samvrutha's string lights
Daniel Strizhevsky: when i take them off
Daniel Strizhevsky: no need to buy any yourself :)
Samvrutha Tumuluru: This will not be the case
Samvrutha Tumuluru: I will super glue them to the wall
Samvrutha Tumuluru: Then I will super glue Dan to the opposite wall
Yuta Baba reacted with 😆
Daniel Strizhevsky: i'll cut the wall out
Yuta Baba reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: So he must stare at the lights all day
Yuta Baba reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: You won’t do that because I’ve already taken care of super glueing you to the wall
Yuta Baba: I’ll glue u to the samvrutha u guys can stare at each other all day long
Samvrutha Tumuluru reacted with 😆
Samvrutha Tumuluru: As long as I have my string lights
Yuta Baba reacted with 😆
Chris Acker: I thought the bedrooms had ceiling lights
Chris Acker: I remember seeing tiny bulbs
Chris Acker: Maybe 4 of them
Daniel Strizhevsky: i see None Of Such in the video you sent Sir
Daniel Strizhevsky: i would Appreciate a punishment sent my way but it seems I will not receive one, as I Am Right? Unfortunate...
Chris Acker: Lol what ru saying
